[Music]
help help I am scared I am scared I will
hide monster monster at the window no
look the tree what is
that h
tuck you in the bed tuck you in rest
your head it's no monster just the good
night little one help help I am scared I
am scared I will hide monster monster on
the
[Music]
[Applause]
scose tuck you in it's time for bed tuck
you in rest head I'll leave the light on
while you sleep good night little
[Applause]
[Music]
one help help I am scared I am scared I
will cry a giant spider on the wall no
look a shadow you in it's time for Tu
you in rest your head here's your teddy
get some sleep good night little one
[Music]
help help I am scared I am scared what
is that there's a wor under the bed oh
look out a wor help help a no no no
light light it is just the toy train no
need to be
scared what is that
help help I am scared I you scared what
is that there's a wor under the bed oh
look
out help help a big one no no no light
light it is just the toy train no need
to be scared
[Music]