Lolli My Lolli My Lolli my lollipop no
no no no it's not yours it's mine it's
mine it's
[Music]
mine do my doin my do my do no no no no
it's not yours it's mine it's mine it's
mine here you are you are here you are
here you are yes yes yes yes it is yours
it's us it's us it's
[Music]
us come come come come come come come
come come come no no no no it's not
yours it's mine it's mine it's mine here
you are here you are here you are here
you are yes yes yes yes it is yours it's
us it's us it's
[Music]
us
huh Bo my Bo my boo my Bo no no no no
it's not yours it's mine it's mine it's
mine here you are here you are here you
are here you are yes yes yes yes is
[Music]
yours Lolli My Lolli my lollipop no no
no no it's not yours it's mine it's mine
it's mine here you are here you are here
you are here you are yes yes yes yes it
is your it it it
[Music]
[Laughter]
little on do EA delicious yum
[Music]
yum and then
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
one little speckled frog on speckled L
eating the delicious yum yum one jump
into the pool where it was nice and cool
then there was one speckled FR CL
[Music]
eating the most delicious yum yum one
jumed into the PO it was nice and cool
then
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
frog Three Little Speckled stop on a
speckled do eating the most delicious
yum yum jumped into the pool where it
was nice and then there three speckled
[Applause]
[Music]
FR think the most delicious bu yum yum
one J the
and then
there GL
[Music]
GL the delicious yum
yum the was nice and cool then there
frog
[Music]
oh goodbye