can you help me color in my ice cream
cone using red yellow blue and white
paint I need red to color in my cherry I
need pink for my strawberry ice cream
and a light brown color for my cone
first let's color the cherry red I'm
going to grab my smallest paint brush
and dip it in my red paint there we go
now I need to make pink for my
strawberry ice cream to make pink I'm
going to grab a little bit of red and
some white paint let's mix them
together there we go that's the perfect
pink for my strawberry ice cream let's
paint it
in that looks good enough to eat now I
need to color in my cone a light brown
color to make light brown I'm going to
mix all of my colors together a little
bit of
red more
yellow just a touch of
blue and some white let's mix them up
there we have some light brown paint for
our ice cream cone perfect let's paint
it in it looks great