[Music]
in the park where a toy plane flies two
friends are fighting with frowns and
size let's take turns says a wise little
voice sharing is better let's make a
good choice
[Music]
h on the slide they're both climbing
High arguing over who get to slide and
fly let's take turn says the clever
young friend playing together is what we
recommend yay
[Music]
with a toy car and a seat for just one
they argue and bicker not having fun
let's share their seat says a voice so
bright sharing brings Joy let's do
what's
[Music]
right
yeah on the swing they both want to ride
pushing and shoving with arms open wide
there's room for both says a friend with
cheer sharing is best let's have fun
[Music]
here H
H then they find a ball and start to
fight each one wants it with all their
might let's play together says a friend
so small sharing is fun when we pass the
[Music]
ball so remember dear friends when
playing with toys sharing and taking
turns brings so much
joy together is better so let's all
agree sharing and caring is the way it
should
[Music]
be H are you sleeping are you sleeping
baby no noo baby noo noo morning Bells
Are Ringing morning Bells Are Ringing
Ding Dang Dong Ding Dang dong
are you sleeping are you sleeping baby
noooo baby nooo morning Bells Are
Ringing morning Bells Are Ringing Ding
Dang Dong Ding Dang
dong H
aha are you sleeping are you sleeping
baby no noo baby no noo morning Bells
Are Ringing morning Bells Are Ringing
sing
dang Ding
[Music]
Dang are you sleeping are you sleeping
baby
noooo baby nooo morning Bells Are
Ringing morning bells are ringing Ding
Dang Dong Ding Dang
dong are you sleeping are you sleeping
baby
nooo baby nooo morning Bells Are Ringing
morning Bells Are Ringing Ding Dang Dong
Ding Dang dong
are you sleeping are you sleeping baby
nooo baby nooo morning Bells Are Ringing
morning Bells Are Ringing Ding Dang Dong
Ding
Dang are you sleeping are you sleeping
baby noooo
baby no noo morning Bells Are Ringing
morning Bells Are Ringing Ding Dang Dong
Ding Dang
[Music]
dong Wheels on the car go round and
round round and round round and round
the wheels on the car go round and round
all through the
[Music]
home a the baby on the car says w w w w
w w w the baby on the car says w w w all
through
the AHA
woohoo the horn on the car goes beep
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
the horn on the car goes beep beep beep
all through the
[Music]
home the baby on the car says w w w w w
w the baby on the car says w w w all
through the
home
woohoo the mirrors on the car goes open
and close open and close open and close
the mirrors on the car goes open and
close all through the
[Music]
home the baby on the car says w w w w w
w w w the baby on the car says w w w all
through the
[Music]
home y woohoo the Wheels on the car go
round and round round and round round
and round the wheels on the car go round
and round all through the
hall h
h the baby on the car says w w w w w w w
the baby on the car says w w w all
through the home
yeah yeah the baby on the car goes bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye the baby
on the car goes bye bye bye all through
the
[Music]
home when you ride your bicycle be very
very careful you may bump into each
other and make you get a boo boo Mommy I
have got a boo boo if you get a boo boo
don't worry I will help you this will
make you feel okay and make the pain go
away
[Music]
when you play in the backyard be very
very careful you may fall from the r and
make you get a boo boo Mommy I have got
a boo boo if you get a boo boo don't
worry I will help you this will make you
feel okay and make the paino away
[Music]
when you play in the backyard be very
very careful you may stumble on
something and make you get a boo boo
Mommy I have got a boo boo if you get a
boo boo don't worry I will help you this
will make you feel okay and make the
Pango
[Music]
[Applause]
away when you play in the backyard be
very very careful you may trip on
something and make you get a boo boo
Mommy I have got a boo boo if you get a
boo boo don't worry will help you this
will make you feel okay and make the
Pango
[Music]
away
hooray hi everyone would you like to
ride the color train with
[Music]
us let's
go
yellow red
[Music]
orange
green
blue Cho ch ch Cho CH train yellow
yellow yellow train CH cho cho ch ch
train here comes the yellow train come
aboard the yellow train choo choo choo
choo yellow
train
yellow yellow train
[Music]
yeah Cho ch ch ch Cho train red red red
train Cho choo choo choo choo train here
comes the red train come aboard the Red
Train ch ch ch ch Red
Train
red red train
[Music]
cho cho ch ch ch train orange orange
orange train Cho CH Cho CH Cho train
here comes the Orange train come aboard
the Orange train choo choo choo choo
orange
train
orange orange
[Music]
train
y CH Cho CH cho cho train green green
Green Train choo choo choo choo Cho
train here comes the green train come
aboard the green Train choo choo choo
choo green
train
green green
[Music]
train
[Music]
yeah choo choo choo choo choo train blue
blue blue Train choo choo choo choo choo
train here comes the blue train come
aboard the Blue Train choo choo choo
choo Blue
Train
blue blue
[Music]
train
[Music]
woohoo uhhuh
Miss Polly had a dolly who was sick sick
sick so she yelled to the doctor to be
quick quick quick the doctor came with
his hat in his back and he knocked at
the door with a r a tat tat
yay he looked at the dolly and shook his
head he said Miss Polly put her straight
to bed he wrote on a paper for a pill
pill pill I'll be back in the morning if
she still feels ill I'll be back in the
morning if she still feels
[Music]
ill Miss Polly had a dolly who was sick
sick sick so she yelled at the doctor to
be quick quick quick the doctor came
with his hat and his back and he knocked
at the door with a rat tat tat
[Music]
h
a he looked at the dolly and shook his
head he said Miss Polly put her straight
to bed he wrote on a paper for a pill
pill pill I'll be back in the morning if
she still feels ill I'll be back in the
morning if she still feels ill
[Music]
he
[Music]