[Music]
where we
going okay Ricky are you
excited yeah hi ARA Hi how are you I'm
good are you in a good mood yes where
are we going Tanz huh yes coming tan tan
should get show you fire fire really yes
hi what's up King Hi how are you
so what is happening and where are we
going going to
tan air okay all
right prisilla hi are my name is
Priscilla I'm fine and today is the 11th
of October and we are going to learn in
Tanzania get ready we are coming we're
going to give Positive Vibes we are
coming
with hi Ricky Hi how are
you are you excited so today is your
first time on the plane right yes you
are excited you tell us how you feel
tell your fans how you feel now it feel
good you feel good yes are you excited
yes ready yes for the plan yes all right
[Music]
n
[Music]
what do we call this place Tania
Tanzania this is
airport where where is this airport
located all right everybody say hi to my
camera say hi to my camera camera hi
[Music]
welcome onard or a flight to Sara flight
time will be 1 hour okay in case of any
emergency on this aircraft there are
four exits there are two at the back two
in the front okay okay just remain with
your seat balls Fen throughout the
entire flight sit back relax and enjoy
my name is lean
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yes like that
uhhuh uh-huh push push can you see it
yeah that's a male
Watch Attack
wow do you guys love this yes yeah yes I
have seen it oh my
God have you seen the lion yes