[Music]
go
[Music]
bab daddy finger daddy finger where are
you here I am here I am how do you do
daddy finger daddy finger wants the
color please it is blue it is blue it is
[Music]
blue here we
are Mommy finger Mommy finger where are
you here I am here I am how do you do
Mommy finger Mommy finger what's the
color please it is yellow it is yellow
it is yellow
[Music]
wow brother finger brother finger where
are you here I am here I am how do you
do brother finger brother finger what's
the color piece the color's green the
color's green it is green
[Music]
sister finger sister finger where are
you here I am here I am how do you do
sister finger sister finger what's the
color please it's is pink it is pink it
is Pink
[Music]
baby finger baby finger where are you
here I am here I am how do you do tell
me what color is this please it is red
it is red it is red
[Music]
1 2 3 4 5 water balloons Finger Family
Finger Family how do you do 1 2 3 4 5
water balloons Finger Family Finger
Family how do you do
huh
[Music]