hey friends today we're going to build a
stadium but we're going to do it
together so I have all my trucks here
and I have all my Rams right here but
there's still one more box that I need
to get it's right over
there so while I get my box you go get
your trucks and your ramps and then we
can build a
stadium dude look at this mess that the
girls
made yeah they are messy like they broke
all the Legos oh RP
Spider-Man this is the box that we have
here with our special our special stuff
monster truck stuff wait wait wait let
me just look on the box okay so there's
Dragon okay he's super cool there's
Dragonoid I like Dragonoid he's probably
my favorite truck there's elor
[Music]
Loco uh and Gravedigger yeah I know a
lot of people probably like Gravedigger
yeah Gravedigger is a super cool truck
can you guys tell me what your favorite
truck
is he that's a cool truck too I like
that truck I like that truck that's a
good truck that's super good
truck okay don't open it yeah I'm not
going to open it you guys have to wait
yeah that's we'll do this one last I'm
going to jump out all my trucks that I
have
waa Caleb this is actually not even all
but we're just going to eat this much
these are all the trucks we've seen at
monster JY before do you guys guess my
favorite truck is
it
Dragonoid nope oh yeah we already asked
you Dragonoid but you never you never
said if you liked it he he is a I do
like Dragonoid Dragonoid definitely
comes in a second or third place but
it's my favorite truck he'll probably is
it
Megalodon nope I'm sorry
bud um it is is in the Dalmation I know
you've liked I've seen some of your
videos before that's that that's third
place truck I I do like dalmati but
still this is a Galaxy yes a Galaxy
doation and the asteroids are the
doation
spots there's so many in here and you
say you like one of these is your
favorite ooh that one's a good one he
won it when we were racing when or not
when we but you were racing in a monster
truck no no I went to monster gy and
this guy here and Racing Beat Dragonoid
that made me so
mad rage rage
monster okay I'm glad you got
over okay Caleb I'm dying to know which
one is your favorite truck okay my
favorite truck of all time is
[Music]
zombie is my favorite
truck the original zombie not the not
the female zombie truck this one this
guy's kind of cute I always thought this
zombie was
[Music]
cute is your brain as big is your brain
as big as Zombie's brain I mean his not
it's not my brain is definitely bigger
um I can tell you that cuz he doesn't
even know he has a brain on top of his
head so I think I have I am a little
smarter than a zombie well we do have
more than one zombies in here Caleb do
you do do you want to like look at all
the zombies that we have yeah I I'll get
all my zombie trucks and then I'll
choose my favorite one and then we'll
build the arena and then I'll use that
my favorite zombie truck so do it and
then you guys can choose your favorite
truck and if you have any more more of
just that like if I had my favorite
truck was Megalodon but you had more
than one Megalodon you get all your
megalodons and then choose which one's
your favorite and then you can race it
on the freestyle ramps that we're going
to do okay yeah so I'll put zombie here
so where's the we also have female
zombie on the first Christmas gave you
me a female zombie in a something we did
make a Christmas song with a female
zombie in it there's a red Tire
zombie no that's not
one there are different zombies oh look
at this zombie ooh it's Grandpa
zombie oh oh here's Galaxy zombie we do
have a lot of zombies don't we yes we do
I think we have seven in all okay where
where's the red zombie if there's
Grandpa zombie there has to be a red
zombie right I think you're right no no
wait this it's an overcast zombie ooh
this is like the dark one yeah the dark
ones the there's overcast grave jger
overcast zombie overcast this truck
overcast that truck there's a lot of
overcast okay we have six that means
there's just one more okay the red
zombie oh it's the red zombie looks it
looks like he's scratching the back of
his head or like he
like he's confused like what why did you
guys find me or you can pull his hand
down and he's like this way and he's
just give me a piece bro give me a piece
bro MH give me a peach
breath okay which one of these seven do
you think is Caleb's
favorite which one which one pick wisely
pick wisely so if you guess this
one this is not my favorite ah he
tricked us if you guessed this one I
know that's not the favorite this one is
actually like my second place one he's a
pretty it's the detail they did on this
one this one was really good okay but
it's not my favorite this one is
basically the same exact one as the
normal one except that it has red tires
so not
really this one is a very cool one cuz
of all the design like look at they had
organs coming on his feet like more or
he's wearing like sweatpants yeah he's
wearing like shorts and stuff and then
it's like his eyeballs coming out I have
a feeling that the last one you're going
to pick is going to be the one you
like we
see okay we have the overcast zombie
this one is a really really cool one but
still not my favorite I knew it this one
though this one is not a I knew it he's
scratching his brain he's like ah come
on brain think think think why didn't he
pick me no no no he's like think think
think wait I have a brain he grabs his
brain but this one this one is I'm just
kidding this one is my favorite the
GX come on it you can do it woo that's
cool Yep this one is the one I like that
one he's super cool he's all Galaxy and
shiny and sparkly okay so we found our
truck that's step one yep so now for
this time we have to put all our trucks
back away yeah we should clean up we
shouldn't just leave this big fat mess
here yeah because then our mommy and
daddy will get mad and it's good to
clean up after you're done making a mess
yeah okay you want to put these back
yeah all right let's do
it I'm going to put this in um fast
forward now time La this is overcast L
Loco okay ready no I I'm trying zie can
I please put this in time lapse oh it's
the female zombie she's eating someone's
Armie yeah okay ready set time at this
one is a cool one like I don't like you
I don't like you time lapse starting
look right this one as I is like a time
lapse starting in three time lapse
starting in two time lap starting in
[Music]
one we have now finished picking our
truck for our freestyle Arena and I have
broken my legs because cuz you were on
the ground for so long yeah my legs
really hurt well we can stretch out a
little bit oh yeah let's do that okay we
can stand up let's go do a dance party
you want to yeah sure okay let's do a
dance party okay dance party Hey sir
play don't you eat my monster truck from
kids two kids don't you eat my monster
truck my kids two kids now playing
[Music]
[Laughter]
dance
party
[Music]
where are you going to
[Music]
dance oh Isabelle's doing a flip look
what found
[Music]
hey you're a good dancer
Charlene got
my oh Mary's on the floor look at this
Mary whoa she's
spinning what's Isabelle
doing oh
[Music]
cartwheels everyone's on the floor now
everyone's on Theo
[Music]
no no
no
yeah don't you want my TR yeah
[Laughter]
good dance party Charlene thanks for
helping us oh thank
you thank
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you that was that was that was quite the
dance
party Charlene let us to quit the dance
party yep that tiring okay now the
moment you've all oh my gosh I'm
actually so dizzy you're
sweating wait hold up let me close my
eyes for two
seconds okay time to
come he he's asleep kids he's asleep
kids
kids he's asleep kids let's see if he's
ticklish let's let's see if he's really
asleep
all right come on let's build our
Stadium wait did I say you could get up
get come on let's build our Stadium okay
can I say you could get up did I say you
could get what do you come on just come
on we're just trying to build our
Stadium but you you have to say that I
can get up yeah you can you can come on
build a stum you say you could get up
did I say you could get
up okay time to build our stum this is
our yeah ramps that's the secret box
this is wait can we open it no not yet
we will open it that is for sure sure
but we feel has to put our ramps down
okay ready well we don't have to dump
them do we I guess not we can just pull
them out one by one let's show all the
kids our ramps everyone always asks us
about our ramp collection Caleb yeah so
we've got this ramp so this ramp is like
for going high and far uhhuh this one's
just for going like far really far yeah
um this one is my brain is confused no
no we can use it to put water in look it
oh yeah we can do a water trap yeah we
can do a water trap jumps over the water
yeah it jumps over where's the other one
of those ramps I'm not sure oh I can't
find the other far ramp that's okay and
then we have a launcher right yeah and
we have ice ramps oh that's the same one
as the one you just showed us yeah
except it's ice yeah it's the same exact
thing you can leave it out you don't
have to put them back in literally the
same exact thing just different
colors this one connects to no launcher
to to no track it's just a launcher it's
just a launcher it just got
wee this one's another
launcher another launcher this one
connects to this
one
confusion
oh look at that you can't buy this in
stores you saw nothing Gale broke my
ramp we made this ramp guys look we put
we put blocks under here and then we
taped over it and put this monster gem
into two t we cut tires which you
probably shouldn't do without permission
well here's what happened Kaleb that
truck broke oh and then yeah we didn't
we didn't we didn't ruin a perfectly
good truck yeah it was just a broken
truck so we took its tires off and then
we cut them yeah and now it's a ramp
have have you guys ever been to Monster
Jam and seen a ramp like this where they
have like tires I have I think it's
supposed to be another like flip ramp or
like a sky wheelie mhm I think this is
going to be a flip one the ones that
I've seen at Monster Jam when a truck
hits this it always does a flip
yeah are there any other ramps in here
Caleb that we made that that you can't
buy in stores so we made this one this
one is a was a yellow ramp that was
actually used for like mini skateboards
mhm but instead we made it a monster
truck ramp by putting white tape over it
and blue tape too cuz the ones when we
go to monster gym the RS always look
like this so we tried to make a ramp
that looked like the same thing too even
though we got a skateboard ramp cool
yeah sometimes we can't find the ramps
that we want to make so we so we just
make them yeah yeah that's what we do
this is how we do it
yeah and then we have a flip ramp oh so
this one you can flip on that one's one
of my favorite ramps this is a sky
ramp
um this one one is a something that's
not a rip yeah it's not a rip it's just
a flat
surface this is another far one so like
for water trap oh yeah that's a good
idea we could just do this so we I so if
we miss we go to the water
okay and maybe we could put like a towel
or like tin foil under this so if the
water goes out then we won't get the
house wet and make mom m it's always
good to keep your mom happy and and Dad
and Dad but dad's dads are usually
helping you build it yeah although
sometimes moms helped too and normally
one of them cares about like your
furniture and Flor wet and while the
other person is
like when you have fun you have to make
a mess to have fun bro come on bro
BR this is another one we made ooh this
one's a sky wheelie that's so awesome so
we made it from like a mini r and then
we had got white and blue tape and then
we curled up black tape like that and
now it's like a sky basically Sky
wheelie or is this one also caus you to
like do a flip ramp it's like flip and
Sky wheelie it's like you can go either
Direction that's probably one of my
favorite ones that we've made yeah this
one's cool too here's yet another one
that is a skateboard one mhm but we used
tape and made it a Monster cam
so this is just straight straight across
yep not up it's
just so we have more SK
ramps
oo yeah they just go like straight up
they go straight up to the sky let's go
I don't know what movie that's but is is
that on cont never heard that I never
heard that one youo you just made that
up no it's from con I know I know we
don't talk about brw no no no know that
one another moment you've all been wait
no no we should set this up first and
then we'll do
that you thought we were going to open
this box you thought we were going to
open the
box let's set these up it's so cool It's
So Co hey what's in there hey hey what's
in there hey hey what's in that cool box
it's so awesome hey hey hey let me see
hey Kaleb hey Kaleb Kaleb come on okay
here you
go
you you're my friend you're my best
friend that's right thanks for not
opening the box that makes me so happy
when you don't open that box well it's
not my fault my dad's not letting me
open up my box that's true who is this
Dad dad who's not letting you open up
the box it's you oh yeah that's me well
let's set up these ramps into a stadium
just like right here and then we'll open
up this box yeah well we got to put that
water inside
there let's do it and then we'll open up
that box so I'll get the water and then
you can start like setting it up how
about I get the water and you start
setting it up okay and then you can also
get tape too and then we'll time oh yeah
we do need tape yeah and then we'll time
LS it and then yeah but you guys don't
really need tape we just like taping our
ramps down so they don't like fly every
time we jump off that's true but you
guys don't have to use tipe if you don't
want to let's just build this together
come on
together no not no not together not not
you together not not
you oh you high five our friends at home
that's
right okay I'm going to get the tape
okay do you like my hair guys that's
going to be for the that's going to be
for our water Stadium okay let's build
it first things first this water so
we're going to have a mound in the
middle that's that's my hit there's
going to be a mound in there okay and
we're going to put the mound right here
okay and so that means right here we can
have the water thing but we have to
put Mom's great towel that if we mess up
she will make us p no it's just water
we're not doing anything I know but if
we do mess this up like like not right
now we won't mess it up right now it's
just water but if we if Mom gets super
angry if we mess up our towels yeah we
don't want to mess it up but we won't
it's just water okay so this launcher we
could put launchers like all around the
stadium okay like it'll launch over
things yeah I like this ramp kale
because look
it you make it go higher yeah if you
need it to
and then we could do this one aiming
this way you're going to aim it to
Nowhere to to the kitchen well well we
have to put down the other ramps first
too okay okay okay um we can put these
three Sky
ramps like right
around these don't need that much room
because they just go in the air they
don't go far yeah so we could just put
them right around there and then this
one this one's a loner kind of yeah he's
the only one we have of that so we'll
put this one just like right here okay
so we can Sky wheie our friends at home
they can be like making their Stadium
right now too while we make ours yeah
yeah yeah so you guys make your Stadium
while we make ours and then you could
like even though you might not have all
the ramps that we have you could use
your ramps to build like something like
we did so if you have a sky ramp you
could put like one sky ramp here but and
if you have two you could do them here
or three mhm or you could have four I
don't know do you think they have four
skyms I Sky okay we have
one now these are our blue ramps that we
made yeah so these two are very similar
so we can put these like right next to
each other I'm telling you something
very funky is going to happen when we
hit that ramp yeah for sure trust me I
know what the ramp can do oh the far
ramps do one
here here we have all this space over
here
we should do something over here and
make it go that way this way
yeah cuz these need a lot of room what
if we did this okay you really think
that you could get it on the other side
that would be cool if you could pull
that off I I I I can try to pull it off
okay and then here's our one and only
flip round oh that's my favorite so we
can put this one right here
okay so sorry um this one one can go
over
here that will that one just go kind of
high in the air this one will go this
one will jump over that R yeah so this
one I we can like jump over try and get
here and then we can zoom it over this
one that's going to be hard that stuff
like that
guys oh yeah that launch is supposed to
be there this we should just do
something with this hey I I have an idea
like sometimes you have ramps that you
can just make up your own you can like
combine ramps so let's yeah we did a
video like that once let's combine these
two ramps and make a new ramp
great well I was thinking maybe
something
like maybe something like
that well this thing has a rim on it so
it would have to be like this way yeah
and then when it hits that Rim who knows
what it's going to like Flip or
something yeah who knows what's going to
happen when it hits that Rim Yeah so we
can put this one right here oh I'm
excited to know what's going to happen
woo
mystery and then this one that's just
the cool ramp just just put right here
okay now wait moment there's one more
thing we want to show the kids and then
we can open the box up yeah what is it
so people have been sending us fan mail
and if you want to send us fan mail you
can do that too oh yeah I could just put
that look it I could put our address
right here yeah right there right there
do you guys see it you can get your
parents or something and then like we
can write our address down so if they
want to send us uh like a picture or fan
mail yeah where where's it at it's not
it's on the wall here right it's on the
I don't see anything it's not the
ceiling see what yeah see it's all up
there
what what put a fan mail on the ceiling
we have one
from uh gry that I don't know gra I
don't know I don't know Gracie Gracie
yeah and I know that one says Owen yeah
that one says Owen and do you remember
where we got that one from that one we
got from Swamp Thing Swamp Thing do you
remember where we got Swamp Thing from
in London yeah someone gave us that
truck from London mhm and looks like
this guy just turn 6 years old and then
this one is Nolan a birthday party I
don't know how to pronounce any names
like I could be saying no noan looks
like Leo Leo yeah oh yeah this one's Leo
and I have to say whoever Drew this this
looks exactly like Caleb yeah that looks
look at good do do the pose Kaleb do the
see it's just like it's just like that
see that's just like Kayla see it's the
exact same POS anytime anyone sends us
fan mail we don't throw it away you guys
yeah we put it up on our ceiling cuz we
appreciate anytime anyone takes any time
to write us we appreciate you
and we will put it on our ceiling if you
send us
fil so I'm going to put this I'm going
to get this from the tap and put it into
our water trp okay this might take a
little while do you think that's enough
water we might have to make more than
one trip oh gosh I put way too much in
there very slow people say you won't
drip water if you don't look at the
water so if you walk seriously without
looking at the water are you serious
I've never never heard that before
did yeah we're going to need more we bu
need two more trips so this is trip
number two don't look at it he's not
allowed to look at the water hey so
how's it going it's going good I can't
believe there's only a few weeks left of
school yeah I've got like one wait
you're going to hit that
ramp good job oh and then Mom said on
Tuesday she has to take me out early
because of a I appointment and after
that we're gonna have Costco for pizza
for lunch and then I'll probably go back
in high five for Costco
pizza let's uh let's show the kids
what's in the secret box now okay the
moment you finally I said it like four
to five times this is the time the
moment we've all been waiting for what's
in the
[Music]
box oo
that is really
cool I don't know if the kids have ever
been in a a stadium before and then or
an arena an arena I think these are
arenas arena football stadiums are like
the big Monster Jams and then Arenas are
the small ones so have this ramp that we
also made it's a far ramp okay uh we
have crunch cars and barrels let's set
the crunch cars and barrels up okay wait
what's in here are they humans we have
some like a ton of Bones like clones and
bars and humans we have a we have a bus
that broke apart oh yeah we can use this
okay we have a lot of these
crates oh yeah we have a ton of those
crates as well and we have like a ton of
mini jumps in here and we have this Ram
okay
and this round okay well I think we
should get the crunch CS do you have
crunch cars crunch cars okay crunch cars
crates barrels that's and then the bus
in the bus yeah that should be it should
we get
this um no I think we're good what about
the gra Gravedigger gate I mean I guess
we could use that as like the start of
the whole thing yeah
okay did you get that did you get that
together got it so this is my
idea you launched the bus I mean it was
pretty that was cool we should do a
whole freestyle one of these with the
bus yeah the bus just like does a
freestyle even though it breaks every
single time yeah where do you want to
start this whole thing at um how about
right here okay so this will be our
starting
point but you put oh no you have to push
through this you have to push through
this B okay and then we can put the bus
right here so when he does the sky jump
he lands right there okay um we have no
cars crunch cars so the crunch cars
can just like scatter out through the
entire thing like or you could just have
one
line oh yeah we could just have one line
of punch CS okay right
[Music]
here you're a good singer
Caleb have the kids heard you on Spotify
and apple music your songs
[Laughter]
should we go see who's up there yeah
let's do it sure I go say hi to your
sisters hey who's yelling up here it's
me it's me what is your face blue her
face is blue why is your face blue cuz I
add a ringow you look like you ate a
Smurf yes you ate a Smurf you look like
you ate a Smurf a blue creature that you
ate hi Mary what's your
name my name is
Mr Puppy PW dad there look at she's
watching super kitties super kitties all
right we're almost done and then you
guys you guys can watch and cheer if you
want or you can stay up here it's up to
you stay up here okay all right let's go
finish let's do it
okay so we're going to listen to some
music while we do
this nope sorry sorry it's not your time
dude I'm
sorry you turn turn it off we're trying
to build a video here just turn it off
just turn thank you thank you hey just
turn it off just turn the music I saw
you push the button just turn it off
please turn it off please turn it off
please turn it off please turn it off
you're going to make a barrel wall what
are you going to do
here
um I think I'm going to make yeah so
like so I'm going to do this
and
then
oh look at that that's going to be super
fun to
crash maybe the kids at home have
something they can put together right
now well we put together our wall yeah
you guys can do whatever you want with
your stuff I'm not in control of your
stuff wait
a that could be frustrating sometimes
when you like set something on top of
something a lot of
times Things fall
and it's not easy even though I don't
have anger issues or anything like
that okay that's good the higher you go
k second the higher you go the more
chance you have of it falling
again that's good no he's going to do
another
layer the higher you go remember the
more chance it has to fall you think you
can get it I think I can get
it that's one two three four layers five
layers
High
nice I looked up there
[Music]
oo I thought you were going to make like
a bunch of walls and a bunch of barrels
Caleb's trying to do it all in
one oh my
goodness
oh
[Applause]
one it's hard the higher you go the
harder it is that's good sometimes when
I get angry I like to deep breathe like
that too that's good practice
[Laughter]
I'm sad can somebody help and cheer me
up Caleb's going to try something
simpler now because he tried that other
thing that was too frustratingly
hard okay now he's just going to go more
crates on the
bottom cuz I don't have anything else to
support this one with with oh I see this
one I'm going to actually
flip this is good I feel like sometimes
you know when you want to do something
hard sometimes it takes a couple tries
before you get it just sit so you're
doing a good job Cale you're doing the
you're a good example Caleb is not
giving up Never Going To Give You Up he
had to change his idea a little bit but
he's not giving up and I think he's
still got a pretty awesome wall here
that's at at least seven layers
High he's going for the barrel of Dooms
the barrel of
Dooms man you're still you're still
risking it Caleb I have an idea while
you're building this what if we make it
so that this is the first thing you hit
that way we don't risk it falling again
that's
frustrating we'll put this guy here
maybe yeah for sure I'll just zoom in
like look they over here Caleb wow Caleb
I can't believe we
finished this is a big Stadium let's
take a look you got launchers you got
this humongous wall all crunch cards
flip ramps water trap uh more flip ramps
Sky ramps of middle Mound more launchers
a flip ramp far ramps just graps wow we
spent the whole afternoon doing this
let's uh let's do our run with you guys
and zombie oh yeah and
zombie so it would be really funny as if
you were a monster truck and you did
this whole ramp could you shrink down
and do that like an ant I can do that in
my video game but not in real life not
in real life there's no way unless I
like somehow get a driver's license and
then I
like imagine I'm a real monster jamm
like person when I grow up yeah that'd
be cool this is your bearded
dragon this is your bearded
dragon ready wait wait wait keep it here
I'm ready are you ready for the monster
gem freestyle event we have 3 minutes to
get as much lands in here as possible do
you think the kids have their setup now
yeah for sure by now they have to have
kids we'll put on a 3 Minute Timer yeah
we're going to put on a 3 Minute Timer
and when that timer is up everyone has
to stop you have to stop and they have
to stop
everyone okay yeah don't
cheating no
cheating
Ready set
go ready
set
wo
oh that's hard to land could you land
that one
oh I love that
ramp that was so cool it
backflipped oh that is a fun ramp that
we made oh almost wheelied crch
okay oh I mean
cring okay here crush the bus you think
you can actually Crush oh you can crush
him yeah you get him a little closer
that is possible to crush him I didn't
think it was
oh and you crushed it you crushed it in
like perfectly like this he was
like and then I came in you broke it and
I landed on that was awesome oh he's
going for the water
one nice it actually worked your idea
worked did you want to try and get in
the water or no trying to get it to land
oh that's going to be hard don't if you
get in the water we got to drop try it
off it landed that's one in the water we
can do it in the water at the end how
about that yeah oh this is the one we
made
up oh that almost went the water oh it
did it like hit that side right there
[Music]
that's
oh kale likes that ramp that's another
ramp we made up okay this is a flipper r
one W A lot of that was a ton of
flips
oh you got this buddy that's going to be
hard to
land that so
awesome I like that
ramp this one okay oh you're going to
hit the lip
now oh that's hard when you hit that lip
well I think the tape kind of oh wait no
it isn't yeah see the lamp oh it like
flips it yeah the the lip on that ramp
flips it okay I'm GNA see how fast I can
get oh if you push it hard then it
doesn't matter yeah but like if you push
it a little lightly it'll just go like
this kale you only have like 30 seconds
left remember kids um after you guys can
still keep playing after even after our
run is done yeah that was cool you hit
this lip right here you got to land at
least one more Caleb I can do that
okay
oh come
on a you can't do it okay should we hey
you did it should we add another minute
on this that's 3
minutes so cool it was like popcorn
we're going to add another 2 minutes cuz
this is just too much fun he hasn't even
H all the ramps yet come on
land it oh come on hit that Sky Wheel
oh oh These Are
Awesome okay oh yeah you didn't do that
ready land it yeah we done the ramp yet
I'm not going to land it
one two 10 three 11 a three is his
record 12 three is his record oh there's
the middle
Mount oh that's tough
oh he got it he just went
over oh that was awesome that one has
the tires on it just like the one we
made okay let's get this
one I'm going to try and make it like do
this and okay that's hard
kale oh he keeps tipping backwards oh
kale we have less than a minute left
he's trying to get it in the water
oh guy wheelied over it we should do a
donut in all this
mess he's taking out B it's me oh
no try him
off oh no cayb we only have 30 seconds
left oh come on come on come then b a 5
minute
run that's oh yeah these are fun to see
if you could Land one of these launchers
let's see if you can land
one 18 there's 10 seconds left Caleb you
have to pick one more ramp um this one
okay ready yeah
set oh there's two seconds left can you
get one more
in
oh guess
what Caleb
zombie died and Caleb
died so we're gonna clean up our ramps
but we you guys don't have to do that
you guys can keep playing and like save
it for your brothers and sisters or your
parents or your friends and yeah just
have fun with us we had very a lot of
fun hanging out with you guys so see you
next
[Music]
time I'm the B tie of all B TI my cake
it's
purple super Justice man super Justice
what are we doing today super Justice
man we are going to make a track with
you guys first we have to pick out our
tracks wait there's one more thing we
need to get we need to get our
launcher you cannot forget the launcher
we're going to go get our launcher so
while we go get our launcher you guys
can get your trucks and your launchers
too so then we can build the TRU let's
do this together with the
kids Kid to
Kid ready super Justice
man where did you even come up with that
name I don't I have no idea he a super
Justice man kind of like um from Calvin
and hops like stupendous man oh I see I
see I see so we'll do our track maybe
after we pick our trucks up yes sure
okay very hot wearing a cape um let's
see here we need to pick out our
favorite eight
trucks
whoa this is our special bin of trucks
huh yep our special bin I wonder if the
kids at home have a special bin of
trucks maybe do you tell me the truth
justice men sure way find out these
trucks are are hardest to find trucks
okay well obviously as my first one I'm
going to use carbonator seriously Lally
a pop bottle how and it's so easy to do
wheel it's just okay easy peasy I
thought you were going to pick someone
like a Marvel truck or a Superman truck
or Ninja Turtle truck or a Star Wars
truck we have trainer trucks in here
maybe we have a Roblox truck a Roblox
Roblox Pig game here can I pick this one
yes sure thank oh yes okay we're going
to use the trainer truck of Megalodon
this is a training
truck we Haven seen those in a
while okay we're going to use they bike
he's one of my
favorites he's so cool how could you not
love a
snake snake bike's cool we have the
sparkle smash we have trolls smash you
want to do Sparkle smash yeah
wait wait wait actually actually
actually we're going to do the Megalodon
ride in truck wait no neither of these
I'm going to go get my special truck
what it's one and only limited edition
trucks I wonder if the kids have any
limited edition trucks these are really
hard to find so this one someone gave me
when I was at Monster Jam World Finals I
think and they it was a painted black
Dragonoid so I count this one as a
limited edition W I have have the Earth
Shaker Halloween Halloween Swamp Thing
and the Ryon specialis Gravedigger so
we're definitely going to use this one
oh this cap is so
hot this is a super cool truck I love it
kids what's your favorite truck maybe
they should go get their favorite truck
for the race oh yeah and then they could
show it to us yeah just like you got
[Laughter]
yours best in the Furious Ninja Turtle
Mandalorian I'm going to use this guy
that's Zerg from Buzz Lightyear oh you
just put aside Bowser I love Bowser you
can do
Bowser and also Godzilla you like
Godzilla 1 2 3 4 5 six seven eight
that's it that's eight so you're going
to do the training truck wait huh I want
to I want to this I oh
Velociraptor we saw that in monster
gy that blue truck doesn't exist you
have to buy it online that was a hard
one to find yeah wait who did you bump
out
Bowser I mean I want to bump out this
guy but you can bump out that guy okay
bye
Roblox so are these your eight that you
want to do I think you sure you don't
want the Scooby-Doo
van you sure you don't want
Superman Ry you sure you don't want
Donkey Kong I'm sure I want this one you
sure you don't want
Barbie you sure you don't want
poppy what about the
flash what about Santa
Claus so let's look at our eight trucks
that we got wait no we have to choose
the reindeer oh the
reindeer who should we knock out Zerg no
Zerg is awesome
carbonator how dare you even talk about
bumping out carbon about the snake all
right this is who we're going to bump
out NOP psych
Bowser all right it's your choice it's
your race okay let's look at our eight
trucks that you picked okay Mr Snake
Bite Mr um Dasher this is Dasher it's
not real Mr Dasher Mr
carbonator Mr Megalodon training truck
Mr gravedigger limited edition okay Mr
zorg Mr Velociraptor and Mr Zilla we
made a big mess so it's time to clean up
yeah it's good to clean up your
toys plus we might see one truck that we
like oh was a Dinosaur Jurassic Park
fire rapid fire rapid fire rapid
fire no I need to do rapid
fire I could put this in fast forward
and make this even more rapid fire oh
okay okay ready set rapid
fire yeah rapid fire there was one truck
that I wanted super Justice
man Thomas the train my old childhood
your old
pal you know I do Thomas we've done
Thomas enough okay we need a dance party
yeah we need to move around a little bit
yeah we need a dance party let's let's
call the girls together and do a dance
party
girls hey s play all day bye kids to
kids by kids to
kids all day single by kids to kids now
[Music]
[Laughter]
playing oh look at mared d on the floor
oh look at these guys oh look at
Charlene good dancing
Charlene Caleb's doing oh look at Mom's
dancing too
[Music]
out oh clear the runway clear the
runway
wa clear the runway
yeah clear the Runway All Right Charlene
turn clear the
runway
yeah you
go look at that move break dancing you
guys are break dancing oh they're all
break dancing oh look at all of them are
break
dancing hey here's my specialty
my specialty is the
limbo hey let's do the
limbo you want to do the limbo every oh
watch out everyone go ahead watch out
go
yeah all right let's go to
limbo easy easy easy easy
easy lower lower lower I was too low
W
easy okay lower a little
lower oh hit the chin hit the
[Music]
chin
Caleb all right oh this is whoa Mom are
you serious no you're
okay go wait Caleb's got to do
this too hard oh this easy for sh you're
turn K last one Kale's last
one
a good job everyone good dance
party defi relator defat
defibrillator you have to do max power
max power defibrillator let me turn up
the max power
[Music]
defibrillator help me did it wake you up
yeah zap you
up okay we got our eight trucks we got
our eight
trucks turn the defibrillator up to max
power
[Music]
okay should I turn off Mr Justice man
yeah you could turn him off cuz it's
probably hot with that cape
on it's
stuck kids he can't get it off I don't
want to be Mr Justice wait wait wait you
get it don't do this at home unless you
want to get very very hot so do you have
all your trucks now because if you do
then you're going to need to get your
tracks
okay we got our trcks yep let's set up
our launcher our race launcher all right
so first things first we got to get this
got to get our launcher set
up and then these things go
here and
one you think we're have enough room on
this
table no we're probably going to have to
like switch it around
like we can get this out of the way move
our chairs the kids may need to move
some of their furniture at home too move
unless it's like unless the table's
facing this way like the long way then
they don't need to but since ours it's
not um we need to turn it around turn it
around oh boy my boy St with M BR with M
BR now we got to get other pieces
what you want have race backwards
oh so this is going to be
connected Go real fast
down oh yeah did you guys I got to tell
you guys two things what's up so the
first thing is that we're going to go to
the Cascades today what's the Cascades
can you tell the kids that like going
we're going to go it's like Cascades are
like mini waterfalls so we could you can
bring your tubes and then you can go
down the mini waterfalls kind going down
many waterfalls and tubes yeah that
sounds fun and then the second thing is
that I got a new Pokemon video
game Pokemon Snap A lot of people say
it's boring but I think I find it I find
it fun okay
hm I'll push this back a little
bit oh no oh I get it
that thing broke I didn't even know this
broke it's okay I mean know it is not
okay we have to get some tape duct
tape okay so that how's this going to
work we could use maybe maybe the
bench okay and then you need you know
what we should do is we should get those
pillows downstairs that we have that are
like Square pillows and colored and
they're like foam pillows that we use
you mean like these on yeah we should
get
these this one and this one oh you know
we could try too
what we could try our nugget triangle
pillow do you think this is too
high or is that one good enough I think
this is good
enough this is too high maybe okay do we
have any more blue things yeah where are
the blue things you can just grab them
off these
tracks these are blue things and they're
and they're blue things cuz they're blue
cuz they're
blue boom okay we have more blue things
blue thing blue thing blue thing and
boom we have all of our blue things
in we probably need to connect more
track huh yes the should let's get some
track okay we need six well technically
you don't need six cuz we're not going
to race yeah need two at a time we're
going to just need four I guess
yeah I don't know if the kids know we
got these really long tracks from the
dollar store yes like literally the from
the dollar store they were so cheap they
are super cheap this is not a dollar
store promotion it's just nice to have
really long tracks for sure
we don't I don't actually go to Dollar
Store that much yeah we don't maybe get
some candy we have this piece right here
kale this could go under here to
strengthen it oh
yeah that works perfect okay so far so
strong then we
need maybe another piece of long another
piece of long yes long rope track like
down here yeah that that should get us
that
far good
idea
okay it kind of stops right there in the
[Music]
end I wonder what track the kids are
making are they do you think they're
making a long track like us or do you
think they'll have what are you guys
making
what are you guys
making are you making a long track a
short track a RAC track RAC track maybe
they don't have a launcher like us but
they just have tracks and they're just
putting it on like a couch or something
to go down oh yeah just like down and
down and down yeah then the no you don't
need a
launcher you just need something that
goes down because that's all we're doing
right now yeah I wonder if we should
just end it right here or keep trying to
go down well I think we should put a
jump here a jump yeah and then we can
put like crunch cars just and we have to
like they have to jump over the crunch
cars
[Music]
o that sounds cool okay we maybe we just
need to Scot this out a little bit and
maybe take the blue thingies off blue
thingy
yes we have different jumps we can look
at okay there we
go wow that is that is we should just
try let's try it out oh yeah we need a
ramp though no no no no ramp let's just
see what happens without a ramp okay and
then we'll put a ramp on check these
drucks it's always good to test your
stuff out kids whenever you're making
something just to see where it's at
ready yeah
go that works and Velociraptor one even
though he was behind the entire time so
they kind of jump they kind of didn't
even need a ramp yeah they didn't really
need a ramp they just jumped yeah I I
did hear a little bump over here did you
hear that bump yes for sure there's a
little weirdo
bump maybe oh cuz it's broken maybe we
should get some duct tape for that we
definitely use a lot of tape in our
[Music]
videos oh
pouy hey guys would you like me to give
you a th rubber ducky a piece of Z or
dynamite dynamite right we could use
this you got
it that's what happens if you ever if
your sister's ever bothering you you
could do
that it looks
good yeah it doesn't have that bump
anymore you know another thing we could
do you want to hear something cool yes
I was thinking another thing we could do
is
get um these right here these yeah and
then put it like tuck it in right here
cuz you see how it kind of like bends
off like that okay do you want to grab
another one of those yeah more triangles
these are your first block set they
actually start off as a Jenga set they
did yeah how did this become a Jenga set
I colored them and put numbers on them
for you to learn your numbers
oh yeah those are the jingle blocks yeah
I can show the kids real quick
yeah this is the first set I got
Caleb and I put numbers on them wa can
we show them our fan mail oh you want to
show them our fan mail our fan
mail look at how much it's grown wait
fan mail what are you talking where are
you looking at up there oh
yeah we like to put our fan mail on our
ceiling it's all over the ceiling yeah I
can show all the kids so it was just
this little corner this is the last time
we did this video where we made a
stadium now look how much fan mail we've
gotten that's pretty cool we got
bracelets We got some trophies
trophies that one's zil T Loco
yep Marin is B Sparkles smes yeah
someone sent us to their stadium in the
picture of themselves and look at
they're doing a track right there oh
yeah there's a track fixure right there
yeah and then this is oh my
[Laughter]
gosh not again do I need to get the
defibrillator out I'll use the number
just told
you clear clear everyone
oh no he's sick he's very very sick I
have to take his blood
pressure it's not even on my arm I can't
do
it he's he needs to have the
defibrillator paddles what but don't
you that pined me sorry let's try on his
stomach this is actually the best place
to do a fibrillator paddles not not by
the heart but by the
[Music]
stomach he's
awake I was showing the kids this
abstract
art look at this beautiful abstract art
with stickers yes very abstract and
Stitch is Caleb's favorite car they know
that stitch stitch someone knows that
stitch stitch stitch and then we have
Blue Thunder
Megalodon and just some very kind words
that people have written this oh look at
that there's battle cat oh battle cat
but people have written very kind look
at they even made a card in the shape of
a monster truck
yeah that's so cool very kind things
people have said to us thank you very
much we appreciate them all thank you
and they are on our
ceiling our ceiling not
yours okay let's finish this track okay
we think that this this is fine how it
is we don't need a ramp cuz originally
we thought we' need a ramp yeah we
brought our ramps yeah but we don't need
one although we do need to know how many
monster trucks it can jump
over because if we don't know then it
could L land on them or could just clear
them easily okay I'll try and keep an
eye down here while you go down there to
see how far maybe I can use this track
set
go like
here yeah right in there
Velociraptor wait who
was what is he gone is he dead no
look nothing no under
the oh he hit the wall I thought he was
going to be like wheelied or something
he hit the wall good job
Godzilla maybe we need to get this chair
out of the way yeah we should probably
do that when we start okay oh I like the
idea Kaleb where the last row is like
this we have the last row is wheelies
and and they like knock them over if
they go down or what if all of them were
wheelies all of them that might fall for
sure yeah it's like it's like it'd be
like dominoes if we accidentally hit one
too hard that would be awesome five by
five can this guy do a away yes he
can Bigfoot and hot dog it requires
patients kids to do this stuff we're
trying to do it in real time so that you
can build with us we don't want to just
build it and you guys like you have to
watch us yeah but we're trying to build
it together so while we build ours you
can build
yours this is so fun look at how that
they look like
it's like a monster truck concert where
they all have their hands up in the
[Music]
air wa I know I how do I can get a
concert how um some of these may not
work Caleb yeah these guys didn't work
that guy doesn't work I'll put him in
here what were you going to say um in
Mario Odyssey there's like a concert in
the Metro Kingdom and like there's a
concert and it's like by
oh it's like a up concert like that yeah
upbeat inspirational song about life
it's an upy inspirational song about
life I can do it oh it's time to get you
something and I love this motivating M
and you know what's feeling up up and
something something W this is a really
cool
picture we should make a thumbnail with
this yes and imagine like on the
thumbnail is this and then and then in
the video right now we're like let's
make a thumbnail with this and then you
click the video and it's of
this this cool this looks
awesome B
get almost got
it they are definitely whoever lands on
these guys is definitely going to knock
something over oh for
sure I mean like you can't not hit this
and not knock something over he's
weak wow I don't know if it's going to
clear this let's try okay let's have a
practice truck all
right come on Santa can you clear it oh
can almost clear it almost cleared it so
he went that way he didn't even go over
the middle we need to put more another
row then huh mhm okay I have a question
one okay take out the last room and then
we'll put this one over here okay sounds
good
oops you know I have another idea of
what we could do we could put a book or
something underneath to make it higher
the Calvin and Hobs yeah yeah we could
use that Calvin Hobs look and then
that'll make it higher and then that'll
give us more jump more it'll give us
more speed so he can so it's a higher s
C this yeah and then another idea is we
could put like our Rainbow Road Track
here and it'll jump it onto a Rainbow
Road Track or we don't have to do that
because it could jump it and then just
like spin on the
ground we should ask the kids should we
do Rainbow Road Track that's one or
should we do just tumble on the ground
that's two ready vote shout tell us one
or
two what do you think I think two I like
two
fall on the ground yeah let's just try
the rim and see if it happens and if it
doesn't then we'll pitch it
okay we're almost done we're almost done
no you need to do the oh defibrillator
again you like being defibrillator what
if I defibrillated you right
here what if I defibrillated you right
here come on super Justice man I'm super
Justice man wait who's
[Music]
who is super Justice man I don't know
he's a horrible superhero because he
should be saving you right now come on
let's go I'll just get one rainbow road
trick I know you're getting this is
coming a lot but look look how awesome
that is they're all
like that's what I said they're at a
rock
concert okay Rainbow Road Track we'll
try it if it doesn't work we'll just let
him Bounce
[Music]
Around what only for Mom and
Charlene wait what you got a
boat going to the casade guys maybe do
this on the cement because it's might no
no no we can't that's going to break mom
said it only can go on grass and not
cement oh this looks fun it is what are
you doing you're just sitting in here
yeah guys we're going to the Cascade
today that sounds fun it's this place
and then there's a waterfall and then
another waterfall and then another
waterfall that's and then waterfalls
just keep going down but they're mini
like they're not like but and then when
you get to the end there's no water okay
hey I have one question I have one
question I have one question what can I
see Mary's loose
tooth
uh this is Mary's first tooth she's ever
lost yeah yeah that's your tooth I
thought you would never have we're using
these to yeah you going to pull it no
just yank it dude yank it no
fine Dad I'm using this one I'm using
this
one no you're going in a big kayak oh
you got this
one this one yeah Dad you're going no
that's fine she can have it I don't want
there to be fights among you guys we can
share no that one's for Mom we don't
need to fight we can share no dad that
one for you we don't need to fight share
okay done she can play with it for now
okay we'll see but I'm not going to
fight four boats four kids yeah it's
just a peaceful Village peaceful ride in
the river everything's fine isn't this
out for the
waterfall okay it's a peaceful River
everything is fine there's no what out
the
waterfall I don't want you to okay
okay come on let's finish our race okay
we got the rainbow
R you think it should be like maybe put
a pillow
underneath uh yeah we need a pillow
should you use your snackle no use Blaze
you the one who told me let's finish
ready ready everybody's call Fu
fight made you
luck should use the the wavy one or
should we use the straight one straight
one
[Applause]
okay this is hard work building these
tracks it's going to be hard for them to
hit that but keep this straight let's
see
experiment ready
go oh possible it is possible we'd have
to maybe go lower I just think that we
don't really need this if we're trying
to do the try one more more time and
then we'll take it out if it doesn't
work okay I don't want to force you but
I just I just want to make it work I'm
in this habit of like I want it to work
ready yeah
go it can work yeah it kind of was like
so what happened was it was coming like
face forward so it it doesn't come like
you know came face forward and like Pi
now is that going to work
I'm fine with that we'll take it away
and then that way when it jumps those it
kind of has the bounce thing going
and move things out of the way yeah we
need wait wait wait we need those
trucks beep beep beep
Construction
Construction Construction sight
happening oh my
gosh the hiccups I actually like this
thing right here it kind of looks like
the end of a race can we use
this like the goal is to try and get in
the tunnel the goal is to whoever can
get the farthest but yes the goal is to
get in through the tunnel all right well
our first Racers are been let's bring
them all up to the table okay ready for
our race to see who wins the World
Finals wait is World Finals racing no
wait they tonea 500 they do race but
like oh yeah they do have RAC in but
they don't have
like you're
cured it's
cured let's try hey it's four Monster
Jam and four Hot Wheels oo who will in
so should we always do a Hot Wheels
versus a monster J yes okay all ready
who's who's racing zorg and Grave Digger
ride on truck limited edition uh three
uh two uh three two 1 let's
go oh man Zord crushed
it wow he went flying what happened to
Gravedigger Gravedigger was like
this he just like went off off and then
he fell there huh that I don't think it
was a track I just think he just like
drove off did do you think they cleared
they cleared the trucks didn't they yeah
they did he did at least sorry Monster
Jam limited edition Bo second uh is this
Hot Wheels yeah this is Monster Jam and
this is Hot Wheels this is Monster Jam
okay then we have
Velociraptor versus Zilla Godzilla Mr
Zilla 3 2 1 Let's let's
go Mr Zilla with the
win this thing is kind of in the way
when I tape it oh yeah that makes sense
how about we put it on the end put it on
the end like
yeah okay okay so now I can tap a little
better Zilla moves on that's two Hot
Wheels in a row okay Monster Jam we need
you now seriously so wait this is
Monster this monster you can do these
two
okay Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and
something Vixen and comment so this is
Dasher against snake bite ready set
go Dasher wins oh wow Dasher barely won
yeah I think you're right wow he won so
close yeah Dash sure wins
yeah okay wow that was a close one that
was super
close Dash sure first Monster Jam dang
Das sure is like barely won that barely
will training truck
megon carbonator takes the read who is
it
carbonator verse training truck did your
hiccups go away yes the trick work 3 2 1
let's go
[Music]
oh
dang all the way this is the first time
someone hit the wall this is why I chose
carbon I mean like he's my favorite
so monster G always help is Dasher so we
can do these two cuz these two aren't
that good and these two are really good
though okay I want carbonator to win the
entire thing man he did amazing on that
last one I guess you would consider this
the semifinals yes three wait who's in
two oh Zilla ver Mr Zilla versus Dasher
I think carbonator is going to win I
want carbonator to win but out of these
two I have no
clue like who do you think is going to
win honestly who do you think is gonna
win Dasher or God or
Zilla okay ready yeah sit go your votes
are un locked in all
right that's wait oh wait a minute
don't touch anything don't touch
anything
I think it was the Rope I think the Rope
did it I think the Rope I saw him do
this it was like and then he went back I
think he still won though him yeah cuz
he had been stopped completely by the
wood and his tire is a little bit past
the
wood I think either of those ways we're
going to call Dasher the winner Dasher
he makes it to the finals let's get we
can try and move the Rope too there so
the Rope doesn't get in way Dasher to
the
finals that was super close Dasher what
are you doing you're always getting
super close whenever you win he's like
hyper ventilation hyper ventilation all
right carpon you got this you can beat
Mr zor who's going to make it to the
finals with Dasher will it be E versus
carbonator who do you think is going to
win kids I want carbonator Twi but you
can choose zor or
carbonat votes are locked
in three 2 1
go I'm just kidding
[Music]
wow what happened we have to check the
instant replay what happened to he hit
the truck and
then there was a truck down that's the
first time someone hit a truck maybe his
look at he's got this wacky thing on the
back yeah that wacky thing on the back
probably hit him he's heavy maybe that's
why he dude if Dasher wins I'm actually
going to be like
amazing it's the finals I'm sure zorg is
going to win it's the yeah zorg if you
think about it zorg is like a
cannonball like think about how zorg is
just zoomed down so fast Hot Wheels car
like always hits the wall he always hits
the wall well let's ask the kids for the
last race who do you think
ising get those votes locked in locked
in locked in locked in all right your
votes are locked in ready
go okay um sorry destroy
[Music]
Dasher the
winner rabit fire cleaner yeah fire
clean up fire clean up
oh
go
oh hey guys today we're going to build a
track with our all of our Mario kart
tracks and we're going to do it from the
table to the trampoline wait to the
trampoline yeah we're going to get it on
the trampoline in here yep so while we
go get our trucks you guys can get your
tracks and your trucks
Kid to
Kid let's go
okay close the door cuz Mom likes no
flies in the house no mom loves the FES
she loves she ad young well we have four
different bins Caleb we have all the
trucks we've seen at the Monster Jam
show everything else and then we have
two more in here in here yeah yeah and
then down
here these are Specialty
Trucks okay and then these are
Gravedigger Fire and Ice Color Changers
okay I know what you put in
there shes okay no color changers no
nope what's going on in that head of
yours kid um
oh you want to go to the bin of all the
trucks You' seen at monster J yep all
right y'all
I'm going to pick Max de today Max I
have an idea what we can
do dump it out imagine just one of
trucks like shatters all and
like we've had trucks that shatter
before when we race them yeah was
weird remember the the candy grap Digger
one
yes yes that was a recent one yeah very
recent actually last no like one of our
last videos yeah where it broke no I
can't use my okay Max D eight Max D's
wow do you think we have eight Max D oh
I found
[Music]
one in Monster Jam Showdown I got the
max C truck and I got other trucks but I
just haven't been using them cuz I like
the maxd one better than the other ones
and I got this set there's four skins
and I got this skin nice okay we got
two Megalodon Blue Thunder oh check this
out oh yep yep yep yep I don't know if
the kids have seen this one but that's
like an OG do we have the black maxi
like completely black black one I don't
know let's see if we can find that one
broken I know we had a big version of
that that so cool yeah I do remember
that I don't even know if we have eight
Max D I know we have what yeah
hey look these ones are like the same
thing kind of kind same like body shape
dude I didn't even know we had so many
different kinds of
maxd I want a ton of different kinds of
Thunder ores that'd be so cool I
agree okay so we need Shaker Max D no
no
no Max Maxi yeah
golden
next come out come out wherever you are
more hey guess what I found what maxd
yeah guess what though the black
one my favorite one I love this one so I
know it's one you're cheering for
already before we race them
yep Max D come out come out wherever you
are funny is that we haven't found like
an actual like this one has mud on his s
but we haven't found a normal one
yet what we haven't even found a normal
maxd here is not one here is not one
look it you said we hadn't found a
normal oh it's
normal I was just holding it right from
your face
dude okay we just need one more max te 1
two three four five six seven yep one
more Blue Thunder
can we choose Thunder Ro as our last one
you want to but I
found where is it wait you want a what
thunderus so you want to do seven Max
D's and a thunder aorus yeah all right
that's what you want to do I'm cool with
that where' that Thunder aorus go maybe
the kids can help us remember where we
threw it kids go back hit rewind and
then tell us where Caleb put that
Thunder roist and then and then start
shouting right now where us to find
it I see it you
do it's one of these three oh my gosh
that was so hard
[Laughter]
like all right I found it I got eight
trucks cool and now it's time with that
Thunder horse is like the first one
out that's a big goof moment for him
then
wa we should clean
up time to clean uple CLE this might be
one of those things should I should I
put this in Fast Forward yes
[Music]
okay last
two hey we just been sitting around here
putting all these trucks in the
bin you know what time it is right we've
done a couple of these videos in the
past where we where they build along
with us and you know what time it is
right now kids time to no it's
time it's time to truck in the bin put
the truck in the bin yes it's good to
clean
up good job come on what are you look at
this look at this there no muscles
there's no muscles here look at this
little muscle come on put the truck in
the bin
it's no muscle Caleb it's no muscle how
do I LIF my arm can you lift it yeah I
can help
[Music]
you come on I didn't do that I'm about
to put you in the bin I'm going to throw
you in the bin did you say ewi said
wheelie wheel did a
wheelie what
that's
amazing okay all right ready yeah but I
was trying to say this it's time for
this part in the video where we do a
y a dance party oh yeah do a dance party
all right let's go get your sisters and
do a dance
party what song is it ride with us right
with
us hey Siri play right with us by kids
new kids
now playing ride with us by kids two
kids
yeah move
over yes
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
party nice dancing everyone feel like
this is like gymnastics
everyone's doing the
work oh and then we got nice what's
going on
here
nice
[Music]
gymnastics who's a bad only one thing to
say one all right you guys we should uh
we should do a
dance all right let's get in line get
line all right you going to go
first go is go Izzy go Izzy go Izzy go
Izzy go
Izzy all
right my go Caleb go Caleb go Caleb go
Caleb go Caleb
[Music]
[Music]
go all right who's
next all right go Mary go Mary go Mary
go Mary go Mary go Mary
go go Charlie go Char go Char go Char go
Char go
Char all right
go
Mommy go Mommy go Mommy go Mommy
Goomy go Mommy Goomy
y go go
go go
[Music]
[Applause]
go Y what about the kids at
home
Daddy
Dy Daddy go Daddy go
daddy
daddy
daddy
daddy
daddy us us we are the kids we about the
kids at home
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
everyone get let's let's get back to our
track what let's get back to our track
cuz I could say check it out on the
channel so like I can't just say
anything now check it out on the channel
ready to start building let's do this so
how was school
today how was school
yeah everyone hates
me that's not true I'm just kidding it
was fine it was all right well give me
tell me one memorable thing that
happened today at
school anything
memorable my girlfriend dumped
me I'm just kidding
pause
okay there's no
pause you should probably pause
that hey all the kids should go get
their trucks look we got our trucks we
got our track the kids right now should
be getting their trucks in their track
we're all going to build together so
what we need to
do can I pause it no what we need to do
is is figure out I mean is this even
going to reach what do we need to do
here we need to measure the track also
I'm just going to right now
we're it's kind of
loud it's kind of loud there
kale wait now is this going to is this
straight
enough yeah that's good okay we should
cuz our yard is so weird yeah it is
definitely lopsided that's okay we'll
figure it out
this is it
guys got this
track we don't need the I don't think we
need like the circle one we're just
going to do a straight shot oh cuz it's
going to take too long to set up but we
need that we need this one yeah we need
that to start off the TR yeah oh oh oh
do you think this is long enough though
look I am
[Applause]
if everyone needs to get up and jump
around like Caleb take a
second take a second to jump around get
on your
rings and then we'll come back to
building I just want to make sure Caleb
like this is long enough so we got
this I think we can get there with two
of
these
I'm wait you didn't watch I did not
watch yes I'm
watching
W very
strong good job wait
wait
w they don't teach that in Middle
School good job okay
so is this long enough this is long
enough right this will
reach this it should reach
should put this
together we should have it
like this probably well okay here's
another idea do we want like a ramp at
so that it jumps like jumps this
hole or do you want to just spill out on
the trampoline spill out on the
trampoline also wait no no no no we we
we have more here look oh and we have
this wait wait wait let's put this
here on the
end like
that I can't do this while I'm
filming wait how are we going
to how are we going to do that
um like um let's think about this like
you could you can break this up look you
can break this
apart no we need to keep that there wait
something needs to be broken apart cuz
this can't be on the very end can it
it's got to be on the very end well the
very top is this thing yeah I
know are we not are we not going to use
this thing no I don't think so okay um
we need we need this I need this
okay wait wait wait we need
this we need
this okay hold up
how do we get this to connect it
connects here oh oh we need
this cuz I've been saying that the whole
time I didn't think we need it I don't
think I didn't know we needed the blue
pieces so it's a little heavy huh yeah
hm we have to think about this
we need like some sort of support right
here
okay should you get like a chair you
want to use that
table
here all right my name is
Dad
Dad Caleb sometimes calls me Joseph like
he's Scottish
you see it jph Joseph J
J okay we're going to need to get this
table higher I have an idea look this is
we can move the table higher we also
have those um like little step stools
over there oh yeah we can put step or we
could get this higher this table goes
higher wait how do I make it higher you
squeeze the two red things to together
and then you lift up this red one
doesn't here do like
this pinch it ow that's weird there
there that's good
yeah okay that's good
stools even if it goes a little higher
that's fine
right that's looking
good I think I think we have a problem
here on this
guy you going to do another
one that's
interesting I mean that's pretty strong
it's a little bouncy but it's kind of
strong yeah um do you think it's going
to like get tripped up right
there I don't think it will we could
scoot this we have a little bit of T
table room here we could scoot this
okay what do you think yeah that's good
oh I got that Dragon dirty practice yeah
let's try it
out on your mark
Dragon get set too big you might you
could try that go
okay so should we do I think we should
do farthest like whoever goes the
farthest okay um another thing I was
thinking of is because I can't see we
might need to um we might need to tape
this so I can see and the Net's not in
the way oh okay or I guess I could just
leave it like that oh look if you look
it's slowly unraveling oh yeah I see it
all right can you get that
tape and then let's just tape it right
here
[Laughter]
here I'll roll it up yeah just tape it
to the net yeah that should work
sweet okay so now when I film I should
be able to see what's going on yep so I
can go up here follow the trucks
down cool looks good yep so we got our
trucks
we got our race course set up yep all
right we got to return this guy cuz so
now we know prce and it works we know it
works so let's return our Green
Dragon put our Green Dragon back and
then let's get started on our
race
okay okay don't get
distracted notice how you touch Tes
everything when he walks around you want
to see his yeah whoa are you are you
serious you just did that on the first
try see you'll never be able to do that
again you just did that on the first try
yeah you
got sorry I got read
correctly never
mind oh that was cool that was like that
was like
triple whoa
yeah whoa it almost went over the edge
was
like I would have to put this in slow
motion to know how many times that
flipped cuz that flipped a
[Music]
[Music]
lot also if you don't know I come from a
land called gy brush what and I'm
giban I know what giberish Gian means
it's short you know how we're like MERS
yeah well I'm giban which is gibberish
so I speak gibberish and I had to learn
when I was a baby gibberish and English
so I do know two languages what's
gibberish I mean come on you're keeping
me in
suspense you're so
talented you should go to Harvard you're
so
smart hey look it I just
remembered when we're down here oh yeah
all of our fan mail we got a ton of new
fan mails this is what Caleb does at
night
sometimes we got the Stitch car got some
octopuses yeah some beautiful pieces of
artwork I think the last time we did
this was like around here and I know
it's kind of wild to think kale oh yeah
we got Greninja too look at like these
three we've done this three times and
look at all of this how much it's grown
people know that Caleb likes soccer that
he likes trucks that he likes Pokemon
someone even sent some pictures and
awesome awesome drawings like that
one where right here the orange one yeah
and the Greninja and that one and all of
them right yeah this one's cool I like
that one
it's like Caleb Nicholas and Isabelle
obviously and then there's a lot of cool
trucks that kids have drawn someone gave
kale a Pokemon card I mean everyone's
just
awesome Ender Dragon what year it was
made from I never looked at what year
was made from the year on that old
that's probably old looks old cool hold
on right here it's going to say what
year it is can you take a picture or
something uh I could take a picture let
me zoom in to the bottom uh bottom left
corner all right I can take a picture
all
[Music]
right the card is okay guys do some math
do some math I was one years old and
that card was made which means you're 11
it was made in if I was born in 2013
yeah and that's and one year later that
be one years old be one years old when
was that card made
2013 if you guess wait wait let me think
let's have the kids think about it okay
so it's either 2014 2015 or 2016 all
right let's do ABC
2014 is a 2015 is B and 2016 to se yep
multiple choice the answer
is 2014 yay was made it 2014 pretty old
10 years old yeah that's pretty cool
well this card is the the oldest card
ever made is
1995 1995 yes first edition guess how
old I was in
1995 when were you born 78 19 this is
real math 78 to
95 well what's 78 to
98 78 to 98 what's that you'd be 17
years old there you go wait no what's
yeah you're right you're so smart Caleb
I thought this was monster truck show
this is math class no please so I'm not
a good tutor
guys okay let's get these racing to
going yeah all right y'all contestant
contestant number one blackx contestant
number two Thunder bis contestant number
three golden Maxi contestant number four
mud tire Maxi contestant number five
Maximum Destruction contestant number
six Max Max
dxx cool
uh seventh contestant maxd gears and
last and eighth contestant normal maxd
okay let's
race first up we're going to get
the not this eeny meeny miny mo just
pick one man you always do een me miny
mo you drive me crazy okay so thunderus
yeah and just
pick please please for everything if you
love your father
those are cool trucks and it'll be these
two and then these two and then these
two okay
okay contestants so this is race one
thunderus versus what's this guy fire
xxdxx xxdxx three two
one oh dang thund is going to the end
[Music]
this might as well be our
winner should be obvious he like turned
around XX was like actually
no I quit I quit my job goodbye see you
thorus went far he almost made it to the
edge yeah bro maybe whoever makes it to
the edge is going to be impossible yeah
I don't do you think anyone's going to
make it to the edge maybe I don't know
we'll find out all right these to Let's
Do It Black vers gold black maxd vers
gold maxd these are very good Rivals
they're old though some of these might
have like bent axles we'll see we'll see
right
now Maxi pocket first oh oh wait we got
see what's going on here
[Music]
the golden ne se takes first place by
barely anything
W it's sometimes hard to tell from
behind like who's winning well folks
this is an eyore
Gold Max D Gold Max D Gold Max gold is
heavy did you know that in real life
gold is really heavy yes gold is very
heavy and it's kind of like flexible too
it's not like concrete it's like
bendable like you can bend it I found
food gold um and at a field trip in
fourth grade Fool's Gold really fo's
Fool's Gold yes wow did you keep it yeah
never was it
real no it wasn't real but it was Fool's
Gold real Fool's Gold oh my God and
everyone when I said it was gold
everyone was
like that's full
gold but no one else found fo's gold so
sweet nice dance dance for fool's
gold Fool's Gold
dance four
five
sarar or is it good no it's time this
it's time it's either Focus or stay
focused m one or one MAA two M stay
focused let's see here pick two
more normal versus almost normal but
muddy tires mud tires
mhm can you tell who won
[Music]
it was normal Max by a tire wait oh my
goodness
okay
wow that is about as close as it's going
to get let me just make sure but if you
I'm making it back oh hey hey you
changed it yeah cuz I'm I I weigh so
then the jum just goes down to me and
then the trucks that are like one lb or
I see two lb just follow me where but I
can say
this as of now I think Thunder Rus is
going to dominate this like think about
it I want the gears guy to win okay they
just got to go straight no one's going
straight everyone's like turning this
guy's going to go straight yeah he's
relatively new it's not like we've
played with this one that long this
guy's dead this guy's dead so who is his
name Maximum Destruction we're doing be
and switch maximum instruction and then
this is Gears yep maxd actually we're
going to switch Ready set
go Grandpa race
oh let's go GE
[Music]
that like the same the on back dude this
guy might actually have a chance thunder
make made it about that far maybe a
little bit farther but still well one
maxd could have went farther but he
crashed yeah he crashed into the wall
like so I wonder whatever side you know
that Thunder rarus is on that lets him
go farther Maybe we're in the
semifinals wait which side was he on I
want to say this side but I could be
wrong Kale's always trying to you always
trying to change things
around we got Gears and normal
maxd what are you whisper what are you
Whispering tell the kids what you're
whispering to him I told nothing ready
no I told him that if he lost then he
would ID give him everything if he lost
for Gears okay let's see if that's true
and I told gears that he's got this
Ready set
go y
[Music]
it looks like what you spoke was true
it's said I'm not giving you
anything you said you're you said you
were going to give him everything I
didn't promise you said you were going
to give him everything I just said I was
going to give him everything hey that's
Max C this is not him there is no him in
the world so I'm not going to give
anyone anything but I said him and he
thought oh well maybe he's referring to
me no I'm going to give him everything
in the world if there is a him then I'm
sorry I'm not giving you any everything
in the world but if there isn't then
well good job I'm I'm sure I know what
you're saying but what if right now of
all the kids watching there is a boy out
there or a girl named
him then you owe him
everything you owe him everything him
you know where to find us send us an
email Caleb will send you
everything that would be so funny if
someone was named him out there you
can't change your name last race for the
finals all right thunderus we know who
Caleb wants we'll pick oh okay this is
obviously the lane he desires because he
put Thunder rarus there no but he I put
him here oh you did oh that's true don't
want
I okay ready not you first something to
the kids y I
did
[Music]
oh oh man that actually is closer than
it
looks cuz th Ro before went like thunder
Ro before went like super far yeah but
then he like just crashed yeah but this
time he crashed so that means that means
gear has a has a chance small one small
small small small gears has a chance
gears has a chance gears has a chance
gears has a
chance don't want
wi oh man this is supen is are you pety
him I'm feeling his scales I'm getting a
feel for them this has definitely got
like a little bumps and then he's got
spikes that's cool okay this is it this
is it who will make it the farthest on
the trampoline race will it be thunder
roris or gears
maxd who do you want to
win all right I want
[Music]
you
ready we're going to just do this one
time you understand that right I'm not
even going to pause it so the kids think
oh he changed it because he paused it so
I'm not pausing it we're this is our
only race you do understand that right
so if he win if he loses that's
okay if he what what if he
wins okay so this
this is going to
be all right we're our last race of the
tripoline Mario Kart Rainbow Road here
we
go let's go
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
that's right gear that's right no one
can beat you you are the dude to get do
that's right SC
yay we should do a trampoline trampoline
Victory jump yay I want to do a victory
flip okay let me get these guys off the
trampoline and the winner is Gears
yeah
on hey it's an earthquake it's an
earthquake head