I have found the two best kid
footballers in the world this is Caleb
and elenni and they both play for
Manchester City both of these kids have
the craziest skills ever but we're going
to find out who is better alenny what's
going on how you doing today what's up
Caleb how are you doing today hey guys
when I say these two here have the best
skills ever and we are going to put that
to the test we have 10 different
football challenges for both of these
kids to take part in and we will test
out their footballing abilities to see
who who can win the most challenges all
right so both of you guys play for Man
City can I ask a question have you you
not seen harand yet yeah you've seen
harand have you seen him you haven't se
what you mean how you seen him you and
you play for the same team where did you
see him at this event n event oh okay
for see at event have you seen any other
first team players at Manchester City
before wi loads of them they watch our
matches sometimes the first team watch
these guys play Caleb and elenni guys
are the best footballers I have seen
honestly the skills they got amazing so
the first challenge we're going to test
is your football knowledge and your
juggling skills are you not ready for
this yeah come over let's go let's go
let's go for the first challenge we will
be in the juggling Zone I will ask the
kids five football questions and if you
get it right you get a point but if you
drop the ball you lose a point guys what
I want you to do is put your answers for
these questions Down Below in the
comment section and let me know if you
get them right are both of you ready yes
let's go my city Ballers okay balls up 3
2 1 go all right first up who won the
Premier League last season manity oh I
feel like they answer at the same time
but Caleb you got to be louder bro you
got to be louder with that one I'm just
going to give it to lady that's one okay
name one goal scorer from the Euro 2024
finals Palmer good correct correct
correct oh he's dropped it though so he
loses the point that is still one nil
that was good Cole Palmer is correct but
unfortunately he dropped the ball all
right okay listen out and listen
carefully what is 10 + 5 - 2 13 oh Caleb
smart with it he's smart with it who oh
Caleb you're dropping
the who was the top goal scorer in the
Premier League last season Holland
Holland
ear Harland that's correct that's two
and next one where did you get your sv2
match from sv2 c.com oh she didn't say
it properly K what say.com huh sbt.com
no who's got it oh my so say sb2
shop.com well technically I mean you
both got the most important question
wrong it was sv2 shop.com that's where
you get your merch from so we missed out
the shop yeah oh my day I can't lie both
of you right there you bossed it bang
bang put it here no I did not boss that
bro I know for a fact you could have
kept that one up but guys it doesn't we
have got another challenge to prove it
so far we're going to go 1 n okay let's
go on to the next one with a great
juggling performance from alenny that
makes things 1 n the next challenge we
have is based on speed let's see who's
the quickest all right here we go this
is the next challenge this is going to
test out your dribbling as it stands
it's currently 1 n to elen we're going
to do rock paper scissors whoever wins
this can decide who's going to go first
okay rock paper scissors Sho oh Rock Pap
oh she all right do you want him to go
first or do you want to go first and set
the go first she wants to see what you
got you ready for this yeah Lo in bro
one one here ladies and gentlemen here
we go this is the dribbling competition
okay wait show me a little bit of feet
show me some fancy footwork what you've
got right here let me just show the guys
what you oh my God oh my God oh bang
bang look at this look at
this oh my gosh oh myen are you scared
no are you're not scared no all right
ladies and gentlemen here we go Caleb is
up now he is ready are you ready for
this bro as fast as you can if you touch
any cones I'm going to see and I'm going
to minus it from your time okay 3 2 one
go let's go oh my God oh my God what on
Earth this kid is phenomenal bro look
how he hasn't even touched the cone
right oh you still got it you still got
it good keep going keep going keep going
this is this is phenomenal no way done
oh snap o that was quick that was super
quick all Caleb I can't lie I'm likeing
that you might have this one we'll see
what Len you can do let's see if she can
beat that score man even though I
slipped I think I done okay so if I win
this make sure you like And subscribe
same thing he done show me something
real quick Bang Yeah Bang bang oh y yep
yep yep yep this is fancy this is fancy
this is fancy this is fancy nice flip
flap to end it okay cool this is going
to be tough we're going to see if elen
can beat his time over I think it was 13
seconds if I'm correct what you saying
Reon she has it in the bag
yeah all right let's see 3 2 1 go let's
go let's go oh I can't lie it's seamless
it's nice and seamless he has hit one I
did see the one I did see the one but
this is good elen this is phenomenal
phenomenal stuff right here she's still
going she's oh my God no
way oh my gosh you are never going to
believe what has happened do you want to
know what's happened both of you come
and I'll tell you exactly what just
happened all my days so my Ballers I can
reveal can I get a drum roll drum roll
please drum roll both of you drum roll y
yep both true but do you want to know
how cuz you hit a cone you got 13
seconds you actually got 12 seconds but
you hit the cone remember which added
one more second onto your time so one
point no can we do another one you want
to do it you want to run round two round
two round two let's go round two let's
go baby yeah because the times were
super close the kids decided they wanted
to go one more time let's see who wins
this round you want to do rock paper
sces again all right let's go 3 2 1 go
rock paper sces shoot what do you want
you want him to go first you pick what
do you want to go first I'll go first oh
she's setting the standing all right 3 2
1 go let's go let's go let's go let's go
I'm watching I'm watching so far so good
she hasn't hit any of the cones the
dribbling is fast feet hey at this age
yeah oh she has hit one there at this
age how are you guys so good at
dribbling right there and stop ooh 1331
he's gone a bit slower this time but
Caleb do you think this is could be you
bro lock him bro especially cuz you hit
one I'm winning oh my boy is ready
elenie this is your time 13 31 okay
let's see what Caleb could and you hit
one as well to be fair so that is
actually 14 31 okay ready wait he he he
pull on the line mate none of that
cheating stuff over there mate yeah 3 2
1 go let's go oh my God oh my God he's
he's up the levels he's up the levels
right here it's it's just going so quick
it's seamless oh we stopped the ball he
has stopped the ball Miss
cones Quick Stop we need to add on some
time he missed three cones three can
someone verify this yeah I saw it in my
own eyes so you're telling me he skipped
one two three cones so you're saying
wait he went from here and did this no
he hit a cone as he hit the cone it
rolled forward did he skip free he
didn't skip free it rolled and then I
just stopped it here and then that's one
yeah that's not two cone skipped in my
opinion that's one hit one Skip and if
that is true ladies and gentlemen right
here the time on screen plus 2 seconds
it's faster than elen's Time by 2
milliseconds guys so Caleb take round
number two so as it stands it is now 1
one good stuff guys hey top top
performance I can't lie dribbling was
amazing let's go into round three all
right ladies and gentlemen here we go
this is the passing test what would you
rate your passing in a game 10 no I'm
going to be humble I'm more of a Winger
so I said like an 7 eight all right all
he's being real he said he's a Winger an
eight what about you I'm like a
midfielder like Ry so I play this
through balls oh she say she that Ry hey
Manchester City have the ball for
Challenge three we are testing their
passing we are going to see who can make
the most passes in 30 seconds Pap shoot
oh finally won right do you want to go
first or you want her to go first no she
goes first she go all right she goes
first let's see 3 2 1
go oh God 3 4 5 what's this passing man
what 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
20 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
323 oh
no could higher yeah your pass was
absolutely you you like
this you need to practice your passing
real bad just kid to tell me I'm the
dead ball of me all right Kaleb let's
see what you can get let's go 3 2 1 go 2
3 4 5 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 come
on 30 31 22 23 24 45 46
47 40 you needed to back pass your pass
is stick me up real bad I gave the same
passes to no you didn't no you didn't no
you didn't no so you're trying to tell
me passes I gave to you wasn't the same
I gave
to excuses the scores is now 2-1 to
Caleb next up we go back to juggling
let's see who win the juggling challenge
my bro you're not too happy about this
why are you not too happy about this bro
I don't do juggling that's not my thing
that's what is your thing then on the
floor skills Quick feet not in the air
though not yet all right but you're
feeling confident about this one yeah so
do you want to go first if you're
confident about this you can go first no
no no that's good she can go fast ladies
first
oh all right you want to go first go on
then let's go come on ladies and
gentlemen here we go the juggling
challenge let's see what time elenie can
get okay Caleb where do you reckon she's
going to stop around what part of the
pitch at the beginning of like the black
part like oh that's not even F Elena you
going to have that where where about she
she's just basically saying just over
there like two yards in front of us
basically what there yeah yeah to there
n all right the person who can juggle
the ball the furthest on the pitch wins
3 2 1 go here we go here we go I don't
know it might be a bit too slow if I O
if I was hey you got 15 seconds left 15
seconds left okay she's speeding up
Don't
drop she's dropped hey don't move the
ball forward stop it right there it was
in it was in the deal she moved it
Forward did she move it forward it was
inside no it landed here I think there's
all right okay that's your
score she pushed it Forward who saw that
I saw it I saw it I think you've got
this bro lock in three hey he's on the
line oh
she's she's calling everything out 3 2 1
go let's go don't drop it you're on 1
second hey keep it calm keep it calm
keep it calm bro keep it calm you don't
want to Sprint too much oh my God keep
it calm go go keep going forward oh my
God oh my God I think he's done it I
think he's done it keep going keep going
keep going keep going stop ladies and
gentlemen he's Caleb takes that plate
right there he managed to do it all I
want to see can I have a go I want to
see how much I can do in 20 seconds
right ean's about to go let's see what
he gets 3 2 1 go let's see if you can
even get it past the Penalty Box it's
not looking too good
no I had him Ean the dead baller can't
even get it to the halfway line and with
that performance Caleb is now 31 up the
next view challenges are going to get
intense all right my Bros Ski N GK come
you know what's so funny yeah you are
playing against future Man City players
right here and remember who shot you
saved Jack greish it makes so much sense
all right you ready this is a shooting
battle rock paper scissors see who goes
first 3 2 1 go Rock Paper Scissors Shoot
hey I can't actually smoke you're going
first and you're going first as well
Caleb let's go my bro Caleb are you
ready for this yes here we go 3 2 1 go
rapid fire let's go one go woo that's
one bang two oh hey no make a save oh
what a save three that's three goals
come on let's go oh he's hit the
crossbar come on come on how many gos is
that oh that's four this is what you
predicted uh-oh will stay on four he's
got two more balls left save from Noah L
you might be
right he put it bin I can't lie my bro
that was some clean finishing right
there that top bins was special I like
that all right Caleb you can do the
honors my bro 3 2 1 go let's go that's
one Save Right There
uh-oh it's straight at him Corners
Corners uh-oh uh-oh Corners
quickly come on come on lny Ah that's a
goal that's one oh that's crossbow come
on
Lenny oh
shoot save again he's L he's lo I think
you can definitely do better than that I
know you can do better than that what
you reckon all light win light win light
win we still got round two don't forget
about
that you said no she's not winning after
that no
do you know the technique you know what
you was doing you just kept shooting
straight at him just aim for the corners
with a bit of power easy cuz he has to
stretch to it but if you're doing it
straight at him it's easy for him to he
doesn't have to move Caleb here we go 3
2 1 go let's go bang oh my he's got a
lot of shot power I'll give it to him
for a 13year old or 12y old sorry the
shot is crazy uhoh uh-oh still on one
this might be good for alenny ah finish
that's two that's two oh post three come
on four
save can he get a five four finishes
there I'll be real my bro top stuff man
let's go elen this is it let's see what
youve got Lu remember what I told you
the technique not straight down the
middle Any Corner Noah are you ready go
oh post come on one two oh my God that's
three come on come on come
on oh I save save again Lower that's
four still four shoot
oh five in total Caleb congratulations
you take that one right there alenny I
can't lie don't see that's what I wanted
to see in the first round why did you do
that in the first
round don't know the next challenge is
focusing on technique let's see which
footballer has the best curve all right
ladies and gentlemen here we go this is
the curve challenge we have got eight
balls lineing up here these guys are
going to try curve it into the goal
whoever can get the most goals of course
wins this one's going to be a bit
different okay who do you think is going
to win this one my kills all right but I
reckon let I'm about to make it 51 oh he
Caleb's come out his show he's ready
today Rock Pap whoever wins gets to go 3
2 one go rock Pap a shoot hey I can't
she's been smoking you in the Rock Pap
I've been smoking on challenges you go
first all right elen is there a reason
as to why you picked him to go first if
he get slow I probably get more
strategic so you want to see what you
have to be yeah all right cool ladies
and gentlemen hit the like button if you
think alenny is going to come back right
here 3 2 1 go let's go oh that's one
that is wait actually no this might not
be good let's go quicker quicker get
that curving get that curving get that
curving oh that's one okay that's one
there come on come on Caleb oh a Lenny
might come back here that's two that's
two oh all you've got a good spin come
on curve it bro is that oh that's two
that's two is that free is that
free oh it hit the PST you could come
back this could be her chance oh what
you spping the neck all right Caleb all
she needs to do is to get two balls into
the goal and she actually manages to win
this round the comeback could be on
potential who knows 3 2 1 go go uhoh
that is come on let's go let's go let's
go uhoh uhoh curve it get that curve
Lenny come on uh-oh come on to to the
angle okay I think that's one there one
here uh-oh come on Len come on Len more
direct more direct I think he might have
this oh my god oh no El cve it cve
it she might crush it she might crush it
oh it's hit the post it's hit the and
now she gets one in I told you 21 you
are so lucky I don't mind giving him
another chance alenny do you want to go
again and get this point yeah lock it in
let's go let's go 3 2 1 go that's one
that's one that's one that's one just
like that that's one oh my God that's
two that's two that's two for the win
for the D oh okay come on let's go can
she look in know way she do that's R
keep going quicker let's go let set that
record set that's four get I told you oh
that's five I told get the record that's
six B oh it again and
again
oh GG's high five how high five locked
it all right Caleb gave her the chance
and she took it now it's for that 42
yeah and come back she can come back she
might be able to do this all right
ladies and Gentlemen let's move over to
our next challenge this is the Crossbar
Challenge the first person to hit the
crossbar takes this point okay do you
know what I'm going to spice things up
this is double points right here elen if
you can hit the crossbar you will take
it to the wild 4 four are you ready for
this yeah Caleb this could be you you
ready I'm going to win all right let's
go ladies and gentlemen this could be it
if elenni hits this crossbar she's P it
back this comeback could be insane 3 2 1
go oh my god oh it's too low is Caleb
going to do it right now this is his
chance oh my God he's cold like cold
Palmer First Take bang Caleb I've got
bet for you you wouldn't risk all your
point in a 1 V one final battle you
wouldn't risk your points would you I
will and I'm going to win risk all of it
Lenny are you down for this the ultimate
skills battle are you ready yeah let's
look at it all right here we go this is
the final one V1 battle between both of
you Ballers no what is in goal right
there the first person to score three
goals wins this competition are you both
ready for it yes let's go hands in let's
go boom hit the like button comment down
below who do you think is going to win
guys 3 2 1 play here we go it's up in
the air control that lovely stuff lovely
stuff the feet is going oh hey they're
running off the pitch good good stuff
here good stuff he's gone in he's gone
in can say oh he's taking oh that is one
good good goal right there okay here we
go here we go lovely elen got it let's
go good stuff here good stuff here okay
good feet Good Feet oh nice little flip
flap Caleb's got that there he's got it
back here this is an interesting one oh
wait okay the pump has been destroyed
now he's using the water bottle as a
Defender is that legal go get a ball
still Fair still good still good right
here still good right here Good Feet I
like a this is what the professionals do
they use their strength they use their
body good turn here come on Caleb
chops that's two on fire right now KB is
cooking right now he's stay calm and
collected good touch here good touch
here here we go Caleb's on the ball
what's he about to do oh my God okay oh
my God hey his feet is
this oh good defense there his feet is
crazy he don't know how
oh no left foot oh off the post oh let
me finish is hit that is football right
there 21 Caleb I can't lie that was sick
though Caleb the skills was good no way
that happened I thought that was going
in that was going to be the end and play
here we go oh my gosh guys this is
insane man these guys are so good no way
shots back no
oh is that a penalty that's a pen you
want to check the cameras yeah they want
to go to V ladies and Gentlemen let's
see all right we're zooming through all
of the footage right here guys I don't
know whether it was a penalty or not
guys I need you to comment down below do
you think this was a penalty or do you
think that match fixing cuz he clear let
that goal in he said match fixing bro
you let that goal in you stood there
like this bro I don't let no goals in he
caught me off go what it was wait this
is the goal he said it was match fixed
hold on let's let's check this that was
shot bang he just stood there what's he
doing oh I don't know I think that did
come out to I don't think he let that
one in right let's see the foul
[Music]
oh oh
I got the ball huh I got the ball Lenny
I can't lie after seeing that I think
you took him out I think you took him
out yeah I got the ball Caleb it's your
penalty bro this could be it here it is
this is the final moment right here can
Caleb do it and take the championship
deep breaths he's taking a deep breath
here oh he saved it he saved it oh no
one has done it clutch and Len still has
a chance right here the balls in the
yeah they're getting fire I oh no way oh
oh what a block I that was a any shance
she could have brought it back there
Caleb is now in possession of the ball
great touch here great touch they're on
each other they're on each other right
here let's go Fe amazing footwork right
here amazing oh oh good finish what can
he do takes it past him oh it's gone
wide he's still got it though he's still
good to though no this might be the best
1 V one I've seen ever guys this is
crazy this is crazy Caleb controlling a
call his foot no way okay no way oh
finish go oh off the post it's still in
focus on the game shoot oh it's a save
Oh my days guys I don't know who's going
to win honestly elen's in possession of
the ball now Good Feet here Good Feet
here she's still going shoots oh
straight out Noah Noah saves that one
here we go uhoh uhoh uhoh is this it is
this it
D what a goal hey no guys that right
there was phenomenal from both of you