[Music]
hey everyone welcome back or welcome if
you're new I'm Julianne and today's
video is going to be a Sunday reset we
are getting this house ready for
Christmas I have so much cleaning I need
to get done I'm also going to share with
you what I got my four kids for
Christmas and we're going to do a little
bit of wrapping but let's go ahead and
get started the first thing we're going
to do is get the dishes put away I am
going to be making a quick breakfast I
hope you enjoy today's video and if you
do make sure to give it a like and hit
that subscribe button for more cleaning
motivation and organization in the new
year thank you so much for being here
[Music]
today I don't need nobody else for me
but I'm thinking about the way you
we have the dishes done let's get some
coffee so I have been on like Health
Journey lately I'm about a month in so I
have been weighing my food and I'm going
to weigh how much milk I'm putting in
there and creamer because you just never
[Music]
know I know want to try give me that
space I know you
to this pancake mix from Walmart my kids
absolutely love it they told me it was
the best pancake mix that they have had
so I will be going back to see if I can
find some more I feel like Walmart
always has really good holiday pancake
mixes you know that my typical day to
post is Saturday morning and I'm so
sorry that I did not get this video out
but I still needed to film and edit I'm
doing this Saturday night and I just got
behind this week so I do apologize but
thank you for everyone who is here on
Sunday morning I know that probably a
lot of people have a lot of cleaning
they need to get done before Christmas
so I do appreciate you guys hanging out
with
me forget what I said on
over forget what I
come on
[Music]
over I don't
[Music]
need the kids waffles are cooking I am
going to get my breakfast started which
I typically do four to five egg wh
ounces and then I do one egg I'm also
going to add in some spinach and a
little bit of cottage cheese I'm going
to mix that together
and I had some leftover taco meat from
the night before we were actually
getting ready to leave for
California so I'm going to add the taco
meat on the side just because I didn't
want to waste it but I ended up really
liking it so this week I made up some
extra taco meat just kept it in the
fridge and I typically do about 2 oz and
it's really good for macros if you have
some egg whites an egg and some lean
ground beef it hits your Macros you get
can get like um I think this whole
breakfast was like 50 grams or maybe a
tiny bit more of protein and I think it
was around like
350 maybe 400 calories including like
the coffee and the milk and all of that
and I also add in a high protein yogurt
typically I like to do the oos I think
is how you say it uh this time I only
had the ones from Aldi's which they were
okay just not my favorite
the dishes from breakfast cleaned up now
we're just quickly going to clean the
sink I need to wipe down the countertops
but there isn't too much that needs to
be done here in the kitchen and then I
do have some things that I need to get
packed up
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let me know in the comments if you are
ready for Christmas I know I had
mentioned in last week's video that I
was feeling a little overwhelmed and I I
have not been prepared but I'm thankful
to say I am done with Christmas shopping
I do need to pick up maybe just a few
stocking stuffers for Owen I feel like
boys are so hard to buy for but I am
feeling much better this week and
honestly I was excited to get my house
picked up and cleaned which I have not
felt super excited about cleaning or
doing much of anything recently
[Music]
going to get the table cleaned off wiped
down and then we have a few things in
the living room that we need to get done
[Music]
before we start packing I am going to
have a belt bar these are some of my
favorite protein bars I also really like
the no cow protein bars but I can grab
these from Costco so I always get a box
whenever I'm there now I'm going to
start packing so I like to get all of
our clothes out I put them you know in a
laundry basket or whatever I can put
them in and then when the day comes to
pack I put everybody's clothes in piles
and I got these bags off of Amazon which
are honestly a game Cher for when you
are traveling they will keep all your
stuff nice and organized so I put
everybody's clothes together whatever
outfit you're going to be wearing that
day together I make sure to put those
pieces um together in the little
organization caddy or whatever you want
to call it and it just mix everything
everything so incredibly simple I
typically do pack Cam's and Sophia's
things together and then my stuff
doesn't like all of it doesn't fit in
one of these I would need a few so I do
just pack the kids stuff in this and
then I put mine into the side of the
suitcase but I'm able to get four kids
and one adult packed in here and then
Alice just puts the stuff in a backpack
[Music]
[Music]
pap
[Music]
see here that one of the caddies fits
perfectly in half of the suitcase and I
was packing us for I think 5 days so I
feel like that's a lot of clothes uh for
a large family to all fit into this one
suitcase
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that we are finished packing I do need
to get the primary bedroom picked up it
is so messy but most of you know that we
are originally from California we moved
to Arizona um I think it's been almost
10 years now uh that we've been here but
we are originally from San Diego so we
do go back and see family and then we
were going to stop over at Anaheim
[Music]
I'm going to get the bedding wash and
since Christmas is right around the
corner I decided I was going to go ahead
and put my regular bedding back on the
bed and I don't really have very much
Christmas decor in here but what I do
have I'm going to put it away and just
put out my regular Decor which I do love
to have neutral bedding and some
Greenery in here but I do like to keep
my Decor pretty minimal
[Music]
didn't have my wrinkle release which is
from Downey you just spray it on your
bedding and the wrinkles go away but I
do feel like once you pull this bedding
pretty tight the wrinkles do quickly
fall
out me know in the comments when you
will be taking down your Christmas decor
I'm thinking that I will be taking mine
down a few days after Christmas and I do
want to apologize I have these spots on
my camera you can really see them in
this lighting and the primary bedroom I
feel like you can't see them as much in
any of the other bedrooms
um but I tried to wipe them off with a
microfiber cloth towel and they just did
not come off and they've been on there
for a while so I I don't know how to get
them off
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to clean the furniture and I'm pretty
sure this is what I used on the
countertops and kitchen table is the Mrs
Myers allpurpose cleaner in the scent
gingerbread and I really like it I I
feel like sometimes their cleaners can
be a little bit too strong but I don't
find this one to be overly powering like
the other ones
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
vacuum died so you all will see me back
in here in the evening and Sophie had
been taking a nap on the bad
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now we're going to get into the kids
room and we are going to start in Owen's
room which he did come in here and pick
up his room I had all of the kids come
in and pick their rooms up before I went
in there that way there wasn't too much
for me to do but I am going to get his
desk cleaned off wiped down because for
some reason there is always a sticky
mess over here
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
give
[Music]
love
[Music]
you
[Music]
in the process of making his bed I did
notice that there were some spots over
here on his wall that I needed to clean
off
[Music]
going
[Music]
even if you tried you wouldn't
understand it maybe something missing
inside of
you just a bit of sugar to that
bit maybe you
taste hold up hold up baby I can sit
beside you while you're going on about
your simple
life nothing left you thinking that
maybe you're not different
now we're going to get into Victoria's
room and once again it's not bad in here
just some basic cleaning that we need to
get
[Music]
done I guess it never hit you are conver
takes to pay in it some from time to
time inside all that greatness in all of
your
adventures you're all
alone hold up hold up baby I sit beside
you while you going on about your simple
life nothing left you thinking that
maybe you're not
different go block your
e your
e you're
UND and EO oh look here he goes stepping
on toes with he's humble lack and
everlasting
e oh here we go go here he goes here he
goes here he
goes here he
[Music]
go Sophia did get in here the other day
and found a blush she decided to write
all over the mirror on some walls and
had the rare Beauty blush all over her
face and if you've ever used that you
know that their products are very hard
to get
[Music]
off go BL your
[Music]
e you're undying undying
ego oh look here he go stepping on toes
with these humble lacking Everlasting
go oh here it goes here it goes here it
goes oh here it goes oh here he
goes here he goes here he goes here he
goes with his humble like and
everlasting
[Music]
e e
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now we're going to get into the little
girl's room and Camila did come in here
she that the best that she could at
picking up but I do always have to spend
more time in this room versus the other
kids' rooms just because she is smaller
and Sophie also comes in here and always
makes a huge mess so it's definitely not
only cam
[Music]
ah
[Music]
it's ah
[Music]
[Music]
down
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
right
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I pretty much finished with the
little girls room and then we're going
to get back into the primary bedroom get
everything set up so I can get all the
presents wrapped and I am going to be
sharing with you what I got my kids for
Christmas we're going to start off with
Sophia which she is too I did grab her
some of these magnetic blocks from
Amazon and then some of the Amazon I
guess magnetizes she loves anything that
she can build or things like Play-Doh
she also really loves baby dolls
[Music]
I also grabbed her this Play-Doh set
which I got on a major sale on I think
um Cyber Monday off of Target
[Music]
next toy coming up is not age
appropriate but I knew if I did not have
one for her and I got one for Camilla
there would be a fight for this Barbie
which so um Camila's is a little bit
different but Sophie wants everything
that Camilla has so I knew I had to grab
one for
[Music]
her I also got Sophia a little teapot
set and then a baby doll and in the box
there is a baby bed high chair and
stroller
[Music]
do have a plan for these little Target
baskets I'm going to put a night gown in
there for the girls and then I have a
few treats
[Music]
I had so much footage of myself wrapping
presents that I didn't even put half of
it in here but while I'm wrapping these
presents if you're new I figured I would
just tell you guys a little bit about
myself typically I would do like a Q&A
and ask for questions but I did not get
around to doing that so I will just go
ahead and introduce myself and just tell
you guys a few things about myself if
you've been here for a while you
probably already know a lot of these but
I am Julianne I used to be a nurse I
hadn't worked for quite a few years
before I started YouTube I do have four
kids so I had been at home with um I did
go back to work when Owen was about a
year and a half for um probably about 5
months and then I ended up um quitting
because I did become pregnant with
Camila and I was pretty sick my husband
Elvis is a nurse that's actually how we
met we do have four kids Victoria is our
oldest she is going to be 12 very soon
and then we have Owen he just turned
eight Camila she is five and Sophie who
is two so we do have our hands full and
if you know anything about the nursing
field you know that they are always
working very long days and there's
always overtime that they are getting
called in for we do live in the east
valley of Phoenix and like I had
mentioned before we have been here here
for about 10 years we moved from
California and while there are many
things that we do miss about California
I don't see us moving or going back to
California um anytime soon if we ever do
though y'all it has been way too hot
here for me that it's supposed to be
winter time and I'm still outside
sweating in a long sleeve shirt
[Music]
Victoria did have a Sheen card that she
sent me and had things that she wanted
so she had some hair clips on there some
home decor things that she wanted to get
nails earrings and stuff like
that Bally when I do a Q&A a lot of the
questions are like how old are you how
did you get started on YouTube and
things like that so I figured I would
just answer those general questions um I
am going to turn 35 in February and I
knew nothing about YouTube when I got
started I did a ton of research probably
like a month before I posted my first
video I just did a ton of research
figured out how to make videos I had
already been doing some Tik toks so I
did find it a little bit easier to get
into
YouTube I forgot to share this with
Sophie stuff but I did grab her a little
scooter that you're able to sit on or
put the seat up then this is also for
Victoria I got her some of the stuff
from the Pink Victoria SE line and she
really does like their um like body
spray and stuff they had them on sale
for 40%
off you know how you guys deal with when
your kid tells you they want a random
thing like 4 days before Christmas and
you're not sure if you should go get it
or not Camila had told me today that she
wanted a scooter and then I realized I
have a scooter for sopia so if Camila
sees sopia getting a scooter then she's
probably going to be pretty sad that she
doesn't get one because yeah today she
went to a little party and one of the
kids had a scooter and she loved writing
on it so now I am stuck with the Dilemma
if I should go get it or she already has
enough so I don't know let me know what
you guys would do
[Music]
whenever people find out that I have a
YouTube channel of course they always
are curious what I do on here which I do
not openly tell many people about my
YouTube channel and um whenever I talk
about doing cleaning motivation people
are always like oh my gosh I bet that
your house is always so clean which I'm
like it's honestly the opposite like I
feel like I can never keep my house
clean but I do love to do Decor like
Christmas decor is my favorite to do
it's just decorating takes so much money
that it's not something I can do on the
regular but I do also love to throw in
some seasonal Decor or whenever I'm
doing like a mini like Room Makeover
[Music]
move on to Camilla the big item she
wanted was the Disney doll and then we
also got some accessories to go with her
doll I got her that Barbie which is
similar to Sophia's she also really
wanted some cute little heels and then
you guys can see her somebody was trying
to come into the bedroom and I did not
lock the
door we have Owen coming up which I feel
like he didn't get as much as the girls
but the things that he wanted didn't
cost more money so he really wanted a
drone I got that off of Amazon and then
he wanted this camera with which I got
off of Target and I got it a little bit
on sale he also had asked for one of
those toys it comes with a bunch of
stuff inside we also got him a watch
that he's able to call us and like video
chat but you have to put in the contacts
he's not able to call random people I
also got him a small Lego set and then
some Vans and this sweatshirt which I
think he's really going to like I just
always worry that when even when you buy
your kids like more expensive gifts I
feel like they don't understand that
they're more expensive that they're
looking at what everybody else has and
feeling like they don't have as much as
everyone else
[Music]
I'm going to get these little Target
baskets put together and like I said
just a night gowns going in here I got
them little princess goldfishes and then
this is like a lot of stuff that would
go in their stocking as stocking
stuffers now I did grab them some other
stocking stuffers which I'll share in
just a second so while we were gone on
vacation I accidentally left my skincare
at home and I had to use Victoria's
skincare that she brought and I got so
many compliments on my skin I was using
these two products and they look so good
they make your face look very glowy uh I
highly suggest them so I had to go and
buy myself some and then I just went to
five and below and I grabbed the kids
some simple stocking stuffers now I do
need to order Owen maybe a few more
things and then Sophie always tries to
take the baby dolls from the gym and I
saw them there these are the ex same
ones that they have there that they have
at the gym so I did have to grab her
[Music]
one down down
bre down bre down
[Music]
that is pretty much it for today I hope
you enjoyed this video and if you did
make sure to give it a like hit that
subscribe button for more cleaning
motivation thank you so much for being
here today and I will see you in the
next one bye
[Music]
love
ground
the ground
[Music]