[Music]
K Kitty
[Music]
presents there is a magic place an
awesome magic house who is living there
we will knock and find out Knock Knock
Knock come coming out now knock knock
knock tell us who you are now a cow a
cow lives here singing a song for us to
hear May oh my wow wow wow what an
awesome magic house my mind wo wo wow
what an awesome magic house
there is a magic place an awesome magic
house who is living there we will knock
and find out Knock Knock Knock coming
coming out now knock knock knock tell us
who you are now a sheep a sheep lives
here singing a song for us to
hear my all my wow wow wow what an
awesome magic house my oh my wow wow wow
W what an awesome magic
[Music]
house there is a magic place an awesome
magic house who is living there we will
knock and find out Knock Knock Knock
coming coming out now knock knock knock
tell me who you are now a goat a goat
lives there singing a song for us to
hear
M my oh my wow wow wow what an awesome
magic house my oh my w w wo what an
awesome magic
[Music]
house there is a magic place an awesome
magic house who is living there we will
knock and find out Knock Knock Knock
coming coming out now knock knock knock
tell me who you are now a chicken a
chicken lives here singing a song for us
to hear qu cl cl cl cl cl
[Applause]
cl my oh my wow wow wow what an awesome
magic house my oh my wow wow wow what an
awesome magic house
there is a magic place an awesome magic
house who is living there we will knock
and find out Knock Knock Knock come on
coming out now knock knock knock tell me
who you are now a duck a duck lives here
singing a song for us to hear quack
quack quack quack
[Music]
[Applause]
quack my oh my wow wow wow what a
awesome magic house my M wo w w what an
awesome magic
[Music]
house there is a magic place an awesome
magic house who is living there we will
knock and find out Knock Knock Knock
come on comeing out now knock knock
knock tell me who you are now a horse
the horse lives here singing a song for
us to hear neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh
neigh
neigh all the animals are friends
running playing every day they are happy
living here singing songs for us to he
[Music]