[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way all I to ride in the one horse open
S he jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way all I done to ride in the
one horse open L flushing through the
snow in the one horse open l
for the fields we go nothing know the
way the fs un loock their in they make
go Spirit blood what fun it is the r and
sing a s s good jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way all I find is
to let in one horse open L hey jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way P
up down the to light in the one course
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer twinkly light shining
bright snowflakes in the air friends and
family gather around laughter
everywhere cookies bake Bells awake the
tree is looking fine let's all sing and
dance tonight it's Christmas party time
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh up fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer reindeer run having fun
Santa's on his way bringing gifts and
lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snow Lanes let's
play and sing
along hold your hands and clap your feet
join the Christmas song Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer dancing stars the moon so
bright dreams of Joy
tonight merry moment laughter sweet
Christmas Feels So Right jingle bells
jingle bells let's all shout hooray
happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas
[Music]
Day jingle bells jingle bells jingle all
the way oh what f it is to ride in a one
horse o slay hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here happy fun
for everyone let's some joyful cheer
twinkle lights shining bright snowflakes
in the air friends and family gather
around laughter everywhere cookies B
Bells aake the tree is looking fine
let's all sing and dance tonight it's
Christmas party time jingle bell jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in a one horse open sleigh
hey jingle bells jingle bells Christmas
sign is here happy fun for everyone
let's spread some joyful cheer W you run
having fun Santa's on his way bringing
gifts and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lings let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
Jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas Time
Is Here happy fun for everyone let's
spread some joyful Che dancing stars
moon so bright dreams of Joy tonight
merry moments laughter sweet Christmas
Feels So Right jingle bells jingle bells
let's all shout hoay happy fun with
everyone on this Christmas Day
[Music]
R having fun s us on his way bringing
gifts and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy cane snow Lings let's play
and sing along hold your hands and clap
your feet join the Christmas song Jingle
Bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a oneor open
sleigh hey jingle bells jingle bells
Christmas Time Is Here happy fun for
everyone let's spr some joyful
[Music]
tear jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a w more open and S hey Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer twinkling lights shining
bright snowflakes in the air friends and
family gather around laughter everywhere
cookies bake Bells a win the tree is
looking fine let's all sing and dance
tonight it's Christmas party time jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a on hor open
sigh hey jingle bells jingle bells
Christmas Time Is Here happy fun for
everyone let's spread some joyful cheer
reindeer run having fun Santa's on it
way bringing gifts and Locks of Love for
a magical holiday candy canes snowy
Lanes let's play and sing along hold
your hands and clap your feet join the
Christmas song Jingle Bells Jingle Bells
Christmas Time Is Here happy fun for
everyone let's spread some joyful cheer
dancing stars the moon so bright dreams
of Joy tonight merry moments laughter
sweet Christmas feels all right final
jingle bells jingle bells let's all
shout gr happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
[Music]
having fun Santa's on his way bringing
gifts and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lanes let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
you run having fun Santa's on his way
bringing get to lots of love for a
magical holiday candy canes snowy Lanes
let's play and sing along hold your
hands and clap your feet join the
Christmas song Jingle Bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one more openap and sigh hey
jingle bells jingle bells Christmas Time
Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer dance at Christmas part for
cheer dancing stars the moon so bright
dreams of Joy tonight very moments left
to Sweet Christmas Feels So Right
final final jingle bells jingle
bells let's all shout hooray happy fun
with everyone on this Christmas Day
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a oneor
open sleigh hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here happy fun
for everyone let's spread some joyful
cheer twinkly light shining bright slow
fakes in the air friends and family
gather around laughter
everywhere cookie bake Bells awake the
tree is looking fine let's all sing and
dance tonight it's Christmas party time
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a on
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle BS Christmas Time Is Here happy
fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer reindeer run having fun
Santa's on his way bringing gifts and
lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lanes let's
play and sing
along hold your hands and clap your feet
join the Christmas song Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer dancing stars the moon so
bright dreams of Joy
tonight merry moments laughter sweet
Christmas Feels So Right jingle bells
jingle bells let's all shout
hooray happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open slay hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here
Happ fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheers twinkling lights shining
bright snowflakes in the air friends and
family gather around laughter
everywhere cookies bake Bells awake the
tree is looking fine let's all sing and
dance tonight it's Christmas party
time jingle bells jingle bells jingle go
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
one horse open to hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here have
fun for everyone let's spread some joy
for cheer Rainer run having fun Santa's
on his way bringing gifts and lots of
love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lanes let's
play and sing on hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas
song Jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas
Time Is Here happy fun for everyone
let's spread some joy for che dancing
stars and moon so bright dreams of Joy
tonight very moments laugh to Sweet
Christmas Feels So Right FAL jingle bell
jingle Bells let's all shout
hooray have fun with everyone on this
Christmas
Day Jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas
Time Is Here happy fun for everyone
let's spread some joyful
[Music]
cheer jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas time is here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
jle
cheer twinkling lights Shiny Bright
snowflakes in the air friends and family
gather around laughter
everywhere cookies B Bells away the tree
is looking fine let's all sing and dance
tonight it's Christmas party time jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a on horse
open sleigh hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here happy fun
for everyone let's spread some jungle
[Music]
cheer rinder run having fun Santa's on
his way bringing get some lots of love
for a magical
holiday can we case snowy Lanes let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
Jingle Bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a on
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
jble cheer dancing stars and moon so
bright dreams of Joy tonight merry
moments laughter sweet Christmas Feels
So Right jingle bells jingle bells let
sh ho happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way P it is to ride and one HSE open SLE
hey jingle bells jingle bells Christmas
Time Is Here happy fun for everyone
let's spread some joyful chear twinkling
lights shining bright snowflakes in the
air friends and family gather around
laughter everywhere cookies bake Bells
awake the tree is looking fine let's all
sing and dance tonight it's Christmas
party time jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
Rack in one horse over BL hey jingle
bells jingle bells Christmas Time Is
Here happy fun for everyone let's spread
some joyful cheer ring Deer Run having
fun sent on his way bringing gifts and
lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lanes let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
Jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas Time
Is Here happy fun for everyone let's
spread some joyful
cheers dancing stars the moons so right
dreams of Joy tonight merry moments left
to Sweet Christmas Feels So Right final
jingle bells jingle bells let's all
shout happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas
Day
wo dance and stars the mo so bright
dreams of Joy tonight merry moments last
to Sweet Christmas Feels So Right FAL
jingle bells jingle bells let's all
shout hoay happy fun with everyone on
this Christmas
Day jingle bells jingle bells jingle all
the way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer twinkling lights shining
bright snowflakes in the air friends and
family gather around laughter
everywhere cookies bake Bells awake the
tree is looking fine
let's all sing and dance tonight it's
Christmas party time jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in a one horse open sleigh
hey jingle bells jingle bells Christmas
Time Is Here happy fun for everyone who
spread some joy for cheer reindeer run
having fun Santa's on his way bringing
gift and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy cane snowy Lanes let's
play and sing
along hold your hands and clap your feet
join the Christmas song Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's fed some
joyful cheer and see stars and moon so
bright dreams of Joy tonight merry
moments laughter sweet
Christmas Feels So Right final jingle
bells jingle bells let's all shout
hooray happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh the ride in the one horse open S
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way all up minut to ride in the one hor
open way crushing through the snow in
the one horse open way or the fs we go
nothing all the way the BS UN about
there in they make our spirit BL what f
it is and sing the S Sun good jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way
all I is to ride in one horse open S
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way all up still R in the one way
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer twinkling light shining
bright snowflakes in the air
friends and family gather around
laughter
everywhere cookies bake Bells awake the
tree is looking fine let's all sing and
dance tonight it's Christmas party time
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas time is here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer reindeer run having fun
Santa's on his way bringing gifts and
lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snow Lanes let's
play and sing
along hold your hands and clap your feet
join the Christmas song Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells chm chras time is here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer dancing stars the moon so
bright dreams of Joy
tonight merry moments laughter sweet
Christmas Feels So Right jingle bells
jingle bells let's all shout
hooray happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
who open say hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here happy fun
for everyone let's bre some joyful cheer
twinkle lights shining bright snowflakes
in the air friends and family gather
around laughter everywhere cookies B
Bells aake the tree is looking fine
let's all sing and dance tonight it's
Christmas party time jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in a one horse open sleigh
hey jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas
sign is here happy fun for everyone
let's spread some joyful cheer W you run
having fun Santa's on his way bringing
gifts and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lings let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
Jingle Bells Jingle Bells Christmas Time
Is Here happy fun for everyone let's
spread some joyful cheer dancing stars
moon so bright dreams of Joy tonight
merry moments laughter sweet Christmas
Feels So Right jingle bells jingle bells
let's all shout hoay happy fun with
everyone on this Christmas Day
[Music]
reer run having fun Santa's on his way
bringing gifts and lots of love for a
magical holiday candy can snow Lings
let's play and sing along hold your
hands and clap your feet join the
Christmas song Jingle Bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one horse open sleigh hey
jingle bells jingle bells Christmas Time
Is Here happy fun for everyone let's
friend some joyful
[Music]
Che jingle bells jingle bells jingle all
the way oh what fun it is to ride in a
war more open and say hey jingle bells
jingle bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheers twinkling lights shining
bright snowflakes in the air friends and
family gather around laughter everywhere
cookies bake Bells a wink the tree is
looking fine let's all sing and dance
tonight it's Christmas party time jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a on open
Sligh hey jingle bells jingle bells
Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheer reindeer run having fun
Santa's on it way bringing gifts and
lots of love for a magical holiday candy
canes snowy Lanes let's play and sing
along hold your hands and clap your feet
join the Christmas song Jingle Bells
Jingle Bells Christmas Time Is Here
happy fun for everyone let's spread some
joyful cheers
dancing stars the moon so bright dreams
of Joy tonight merry Mo laughter sweet
Christmas Feel So Right final jingle
bells jingle bells let's all
shout happy fun with everyone on this
Christmas Day
[Music]
having fun Santa's on his way bringing
gifts and lots of love for a magical
holiday candy canes snowy Lanes let's
play and sing along hold your hands and
clap your feet join the Christmas song
reindeer run having fun Santa's on his
way bringing get to lots of love for a
magical holiday
candy canes snowy Lanes let's play and
sing along hold your hands and clap your
feet join the Christmas song Jingle
Bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one more
open sleigh hey jingle bells jingle
bells Christmas Time Is Here happy fun
for everyone let's spread some joyful
cheer dance at Christmas par cheer
dancing STS the so bright dreams of Joy
tonight very moments left to Sweet
Christmas Feels So Right
final final jingle bells jingle
bells let's all shout hooray happy fun
with everyone on this Christmas
[Music]
Day lonely kids