[Music]
sharing things to something good oh yes
so yes sharing things will bring you Joy
oh yes so yes giving something to
another without asking something back
sharing is that will bring happiness to
us sharing things is something good do
you agree sharing things will bring you
Joy what do you think Mommy I would like
to help you and to share my time with
you you make really much for me and I
want to sharing things is something good
oh yes so yes sharing things will bring
you Joy oh yes so yes giving something
to another way they asking something
back sharing is that will bring
happiness to us
[Music]
sharing things is something good do you
agree sharing things will bring you Joy
what do you think Mommy I would like to
help you and to share my time with you
you make really much for me and I want
to sharing things is something good do
you agree sharing things will bring you
Joy what do you think
Mommy I would like to help you and to
share my time with you you make really
much for me and I want to sharing things
is something good oh yes so yes sharing
things will bring you Joy oh yes so yes
giving something to another without
asking something back sharing is that
will bring happiness to us sharing
things is something good do you agree
sharing things will bring you Joy what
do you think
Mommy I would like to help you and to
share my time with you you make really
much for me and I want to sharing things
is something good oh yes so yes sharing
things will bring you Joy oh yes so yes
giving something to another we asking
something back sharing is that will
bring happiness to us
[Music]
sharing things is something good do you
agree sharing things will bring you Joy
what do you think Mommy I would like to
help you and to share my time with you
you make really much for me and I want
to sharing things is something good do
you agree sharing things will bring you
Joy what do you you think Mommy I would
like to help you and to share my time
with you you make really much for me and
I want
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
to sharing things is something good do
you agree sharing things will bring you
Joy what do you think Mommy I would like
to help you and to share my time with
you you make really much for me and I
want to Mommy I would like to help you
and to share my time with you you make
really much money and I want to
[Music]
the wheels on the bus go round and round
round and round round and round the
wheels and the bus go round and round
all through the town the driver on the
bus go move on back move on back move on
back the driver on the bus go move on
back oh all through the town the wipers
on the bus go swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish swish swish the wipers
on the bus go swish swish swish all
through the town the horn on the bus go
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
beep the horn on the bus go beep beep
beep
all through the
town the people on the bus go up and
down up and down up and down the people
on the bus go up and down all through
the
town the wheels on the bus go round and
round round and round round and round
the wheels On The busz Go Round And and
round all through the town the driver on
the bus go move on back move on back
move on back the driver on the bus go
move on back all through the town the
babies on the bus go w w w w w w w w w
the babies on the bus go w w w all
through the town the parent on the bus
go
sh sh sh the parent on the bus go sh sh
all through the
town the people on the bus go up and
down up and down up and down the people
on the bus go up and down all through
the
town the wheels on the bus go round and
round round and round round and round
the wheels on the bus go round and round
all through the
town the wheels on the bus go around and
round all through the town
[Music]
muffin man do you know the muffin man
the muffin man the muffin man do you
know the muffin man who lives on Dury
land yes I know the muffin man the
muffin man the muffin man yes I know the
muffin man who lives on Tru
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Lane ice cream man do you know the ice
cream man the ice cream man the ice
cream man do you know the ice cream man
who lives on Dury land yes I know the
ice cream man the ice cream man the ice
cream man yes I know the ice cream man
who lives onur
[Music]
[Applause]
Lane first and man do you know the first
and man the first and man the first and
man do you know the first and man who
lives on to
relan yes I know the fruits stand man
the fruits stand man the fruits stand
man yes I know the fruit that man who
lives on trory
[Music]
Lane muffin man do you know the muffin
man the muffin man the muffin man do you
know the muffin man who lives on
Dury yes I know the Muffin Man The
Muffin Man The Muffin Man man yes I know
the muffin man who lives on jur
[Music]
Lane ice cream ma do you know the ice
cream man the ice cream man the ice
cream man do you know the ice cream man
who leads on do Rel Lane yes I know the
ice cream man the ice cream man the ice
cream man yes I know the ice cream man
who lives onur
[Music]
[Applause]
Lane first and man do you know the first
10 man the first 10 man the first 10 man
do you know the first 10 man who lives
on to
relay yes I know the first 10 man the
Fruit Stand man the fruits stand man yes
I know the fruits stand man who lives on
trory
[Music]
Lane first and man do you know the first
and man the first and man the first and
man do you know the first 10 man who
lives on to
relay yes I'm know the Fruit Stand man
the Fruit Stand man the Fruit Stand man
yes I know the Fruit Stand man who lives
on drory
Lane
[Applause]
H Little Monkeys Little Monkeys little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys jumping on the bat one fell down
and thed his hat mama called the doctor
and the doctor said no more monkeys
jumping on the B five little monkeys
five little monkeys five little monkeys
five little
monkeys po little monkeys jumping on the
back one fell down and thed his hat mama
called the doctor and the doctor's hat
no more monkeys jumping on the bat for
little monkeys for little monkeys for
little monkeys for little
monkeys three little monkeys jumping on
the back one fell down and pumped her
hat mama called the doctor and the
doctor said no more monkeys Jumping on
the Bed free Little Monkeys free Little
Monkeys free Little Monkeys free little
[Music]
monkeys cute little monkeys jumping on
the bed one fell down and pumped his hat
mama called the doctor and the doctor
said no more monkeys jumping on the bed
two little monkeys two little monke
monkeys two little monkeys two little
monkeys one little monkey jumping on the
bed she fell down and bumed her head oh
mama called the doctor and the doctor
said no more monkeys jumping on the bed
one little monkey one little monkey one
little monkey one little monkey
little monkeys jumping on the bat one
fell down and ped his hat mama called
the doctor and the doctor said no more
monkey jumping on the back five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys five little
monkeys five little monkeys is jumping
on the B one fell down and thed his hat
mama called the doctor and the doctor
said no more monkeys jumping on the bed
five little monkeys five little monkeys
five little monkeys five little
monkeys four little monkeys jumping on
the back one fell down and pumped hat
mama called the doctor and the doctor's
hat no more monkeys jumping on the bat
little monkeys for little monkeys for
little monkeys for little monkeys