for 2 million people in India this is
their
home this is one of many dump sites
throughout the country where people have
to scour through literal mountains of
trash which often contains sharp objects
toxic waste and causes many diseases
that are often fatal only to make $3 a
day and because it is the country with
the highest global population India
generates 1.3 billion pounds of trash
every year and the increasing wealth
disparity between the rich and poor
means that millions of people rely on
sorting and selling this wayte in order
to simply survive forcing them to stay
trapped in this cycle this is simply
devastating I knew when we picked this
project that this was going to be
difficult but I had no idea how
heartbreaking it was going to be here
and witnessing this firsthand this is
just unlike anything I've ever seen
being a new father and having to see
children working in environment like
this just absolutely destroys me and I
don't really know how to describe it
it's not okay as human
beings we can do better than to all
stuff like this to happen but the dump
sites aren't the only problem a large
amount of the population live in these
Urban
[Music]
slums the poverty and the living
conditions here are extremely harsh
people have been forced to build their
houses right next to a railway
track we just met a woman baharan that
lost her legs because she got hit by a
train on a misty winter
morning if I'm being honest this is one
of the most heart-wrenching videos we've
ever had to make and although this
problem seems almost impossible to
overcome there is an organization making
a difference meet shka in a country like
India the way poor people are treated
they face a social taboo because they're
dealing with and garbage so people
considered them as a dirt and garbage
shafkat is the managing director of till
Jala shed an organization started 36
years ago by his father Alum gear who
worked in these slums as a wasti picker
for many years but he was one of the
first and very few people who could read
and write in the community he became a
school teacher and quickly realized how
many opportunities opened up for him
with literacy and so in 1987 he made it
his mission to put every vulnerable
child in a classroom
any human being they have their birth
rights to get right to work right to
food right to education poverty has no
time they are struggling each and every
day because they did not have education
young students going to Crime we have to
bring those opportunities at the
doorstep for these children one of these
children is akar a boy born into a
society of waste
growing up he had no choice but to
scavenge trash alongside his family just
to earn enough money to live that meant
a life with no education no security and
most sad of all no prospects for a
brighter future 6 months ago roughly his
father passed away and that created a
lot of pressure on the family now his
mother is on her own and it is very very
difficult for the entire family now with
all those children Akbar didn't choose
this life of child labor of poverty of
pressure no child should ever have to
endure he has seen the schools from
outside the gate but never had a
opportunity to go inside and sit in the
classrooms he was 12 years old but he
never went to school he never knew uh
anything to write or read properly what
do you want to become engineer engineer
he says I have I have seen a lot of
things on the roads people car breaking
down people asking for help nobody comes
for help so I want to help these people
yet despite his circumstances he never
gave up on his dream of getting an
education so shafa took Akbar off the
streets and enrolled him into
school and in only 2 years he's already
caught up to the eighth grade exactly
where he should be it's my hopes and
dreams for him that he can now get an
education he can go to university and he
can become an engineer like he always
dreamed of to make sure that you have
every opportunity we're going to give
your family some money so that you can
buy food and you don't don't have to
worry if you promise me that you're
going to study hard I'm going to pay for
you to go to school and I'm going to pay
for you to go and get your engineering
degree okay promise deal
deal but Akbar is only one of the tens
of thousands of children that till Jala
shed has taken out of the waist dumps
and given an education safe home and
financial aid and Darren was about to
meet all the kids at the school for the
first time I can't wait for you to
experience that Joy when the kids come
running to that door because I can't put
that into
[Music]
words ched has put 20,000 children on a
path to a better life that's one
organization making a huge difference
and it's not just those 20,000 lives
it's the families of all of those 20,000
people who will be born into a society
that's more open and gives them much
more opportunity
when you open a school door you close
the jail
[Music]
door education is the only way ahead is
the only way forward which can only
transform the
society in addition to the education
that tala shed is providing they offer
multiple extracurricular activities so
that the kids can discover their
passions they have artistic talent
hidden so always we try to explore their
Talent we have included Sports we have
included tauno classes we have included
computer learning guitar classes piano
classes and a lot
[Music]
more thank you the older kids then
showed Darren some of their science
experiments oh wow look at that it's 3D
how did you do that can you tell me how
you made
this is water dispenser
that's I think it's really important to
recognize how Innovative and resourceful
these kids are they have so little to
work with and yet they are putting the
materials that are at their disposal
over here to build these experiments and
educate themselves and learn there is so
much potential that is untapped in these
kids that don't even get a chance at an
education despite the tremendous impact
till Jala shed is making in their
Community the problem is too large to
solve alone there is so much need in the
community and so much struggle we need
to expand our operations so and there is
always very difficulty for organizations
like us to mobilize resources and to
ensure that we can make a longlasting
stamp on this problem in India we have
decided to fund the entire program at
tiala shed for an entire year to help
them expand to more areas in kolata and
eventually throughout India because of
each and every one of you your
viewership has helped get the support
for B philanthropy and we as a recipient
can tell you we have received the
support and the commitment from V
fanthropy thanks so much for your
blessings but we have one more surprise
shafa told us that a lot of the kids
were interested in Computer Learning but
the local library doesn't have enough
computers to facilitate all the children
so we decided to help we also wanted to
do a little more so we bought you some
computers
there are hard days there are challenges
but this is the job of the social
activist to find the strategies to find
the ways to overcome them that whatever
difficulties and challenges come that
will be
removed but we're not done just yet
earlier at the dump shafa introduced
Darren to Moes and adir two brothers who
had been working as trash Pickers since
they were 13 years old they start very
early in the morning so it's like 12 13
hours work and they have very big
[Music]
families Moes told Daren how he has to
sift through garbage for hours every day
and he does this with the dream that
eventually he will finally have enough
to send his children to school $5 $6 is
very difficult for a rack picker family
to run in on just a small amount moash
then invited Darren to his home to meet
his family and learn more about the
struggles he faces at home it's
unbearable hot in here and it's not even
the hottest part of the summer it's
actually the end of the winter and it's
already stifling hot in here the heat
makes it extremely challenging for mesh
to prevent the food from spoiling
sometimes leaving him and AD deer with
no other choice but to work without
eating making it nearly impossible to
keep up with this demanding work you
know to see how hard you work so that
you can take care of your family we want
to help you a little bit we're going to
buy you a fridge that works what I want
to do as well when your child is a
little older we want to put them in a
proper school we'll pay for it's
okay you're welcome my
[Music]
brother when Beast philanthropy first
started taking donations we had not done
a single International project nor had
we ever announced that we'd be doing any
but in the first week the country that
made the most donations to Beast
philanthropy was from India this
demonstrates the extraordinary kindness
and generosity of the Indian people and
ever since then it's been a high
priority for me to come here with Beast
philanthropy and reciprocate the
extraordinary generosity that they have
shown to us I want to give a massive
shout out to the Smith Brother Family
Foundation when Darren found out that
many of the kids in the program don't
eat every day he reached out to some old
friends of his and they made a very
generous contribution that will help us
feed over 80 families for 2 years thank
you guys for being awesome
[Music]