why would you tell the doctor I got
pregnant when you were 17 she asked what
her history was medical history that was
unclear oh my God oh my God oh my God
it's going to be fine how is it fine
it's okay I'll break the window glass
will go everywhere wait I got a bunch of
hangers from the laundry mat in my car I
can pick the Lo go get
them oh thank you hi CeCe mommy's here
you're such a brave little girl hi good
news is she ain't going to remember any
of this and we don't have to tell us all
hey hey what are you doing here I just
looking for some of my old video tapes
oh cool but you didn't find none of my
tapes did you what are your tapes
nothing well mine are from when I was a
weather girl what' you need him for well
the local station's looking I'm going to
apply but you're a mom
now yeah
so two or three shots I'mma show you how
to turn it up a notch first you get a
swimming