[Music]
Merry Christmas
everyone jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way all I to R in the one
open say hey jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way all I done is to ride
in the
jingle B jingle B jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one horse
open SL hey jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a warm horse open
sleigh dashing through the snow in a one
horse open
sleigh all the fields we go laughing all
all the way bells on about to ring make
it spirits bright what fun it is to run
and sing a slaying song
tonight jingle bells jingle B jingle all
the way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one horse open slain hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a one horse open
[Music]
[Music]
slave a day or two ago I thought I'd
take a ride
and soon miss
fny was seated by my side the horse was
leaning lank Misfortune seemed his lock
he got into a drifted bank and then we
got
upside jingle bell jingle bell jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open slain hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle bell all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in one horse open
[Music]
[Music]
sleigh jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse over slay hey dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the RM play Christmas
fun for everyone Let's Dance the Night
Away dancing through the snow with
friends all by our side the music starts
to flow it's such a joyful ride twinkle
lights above the tree is shining bright
we laugh and singing clap our hands why
a mer night jingle bellsing jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one horse open Play Hey
dancing Bells dancing bells feel the r
and play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the Night Away skating
through the park the stars begin to Glow
we sliding Glide until it's dark and
feel the Magic Grow candy canes in hand
the stocking soon to fill with every
step we feel the cheer it's Christmas
what a thrill final Dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the rhythm play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away dancing Bells dancing
bells feel the rib and play Christmas
fun for everyone Let's Dance the Night
Away Tiny Toes and big jump two spin in
circles 1 2 3 wave your hands up to the
Stars it's Christmas time so let's be
[Music]
free jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one hor open sleigh hey dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the rhym play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away jaming through the park
the stars begin to Glow we'll slide and
glide until it's dark and feel the magic
R candy hand the stocking soon still
with every step we feel the cheer it's
Christmas what a thrill fighting through
the park the stars begin to grow we'll
slide and glide until it's dark and feel
the Magic Grow candy canes and
the stocking soon f with every step we
feel the cheer is Christmas what a
thrill final Dancing Bells dancing bells
feel
the Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night
[Music]
Away jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open sleigh hey dancing
Bells dancing bells feel the rle play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away daning through the snow
with friends all by our side the music
starts to flow it's such a joyful ride
twinkle lights above the tree is shining
bright we laugh and sing and clap our
hands what a merry night Jingle Bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun is to ride in a one horse open
sleigh hey dancing Bells dancing bells
feel the riv play Christmas fun for
everyone let's danc the night
[Music]
away skating through the park the stars
begin to Glow we'll slide and glide
until it's dark and feel the Magic Grow
candy cans in hand the stocking soon to
fill with every step we feel the cheer
it's Christmas what a thrill Bell and Ms
danceing bells feel the r
play Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night
Away tippy toes and big jumps to spin in
circles 1 2 3 wave your hands ends up to
the Stars it's Christmas time so let's
be
[Music]
free tinle lights above the tree is
shining bright we laugh and sing and
clap our hands what a merry night jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one horse
open sleigh hey dancing Bells dancing
bells feel the r play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
[Music]
Away Dance the Night
[Music]
Away tippy toes and big jumps too SP in
circles one 2 three wave your hands up
to the Stars it's Christmas time so
let's be
[Music]
free jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in the one
hor open sleigh hey dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the rhythm play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away
dancing through the snow with friends
all by our side the music starts to flow
it's such a joyful ride with the lights
above the tree is shining bright we
laugh and sing and clap our hands what a
mer night jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a on hor open Sligh hey dancing
Bells dancing bells feel the rhythm play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away SP through the park the
stars begin to Glow we slide and glide
until it's dark and feel the Magic
Grow candy canes and hand stocking soon
to fill with every step we feel the
cheer it's Christmas what a
thrill dancing bels dancing bels fill on
rhym play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the Night
Away dancing Bells dancing bells feel
the rhythm play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night Away
toes and big chunks to spin in circles 1
2 3 wave your hands up to the Stars it's
Christmas time so let's be free woo
dancing Bells dancing bells feel the
rhythm play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the Night
Away be toes and big jumps to spin in
circles 1 2 three wave your hands up to
the Stars it's Christmas time so let's
be free Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night
[Music]
Away jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open Sligh hey danceing BS
danceing BS feel the rythm play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night
Away dancing through the snow with
friends all by our side the music starts
to flow it's such a joyful ride twinkle
lights above the tree is shining bright
we laugh and sing and clap our hands
when I'm Mar
night jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a oneor open sleigh hey dancing Bells
dancing Bells build the rym play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away skating through the park
the stars begin to Glow we're slideing
by until it's dark and feel the Magic
Grow candy canes in hands the stocking
soon to fill with every step we feel the
cheer it's Christmas what a thrill final
Dancing Bells dancing bells feel the
rythm play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the Night
tippy toes and big jum too spin in
circles one 2 three wave your hands up
to the Stars it's Christmas time so
let's be free jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a on horse open sleigh hey
dancing Bells dancing BS feel the rhythm
play Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night Away tippy toes and big
jumps to spin in circles 1 2 three wave
your hands up to the Stars it's
Christmas time so let's be free
[Music]
bell jingle bell jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in the one hor
open Sligh hey jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one horse open
sleigh dashing through the snow in a one
horse open
sleigh all the fields we go laughing all
the way
bells on about and ring making spirits
bright what fun it is to ride and sing I
slay It song
tonight jingle bells jingle bell jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open slain hey jingle bell
jingle bell Jing all the way oh what fun
it is to ride in a one horse open
[Music]
[Music]
SL a day or two ago I thought I'd take a
ride and soon miss fny what see made it
by my side the horse was leaning lank
Misfortune seemed his block he got into
a drifted bank and then we got
upside jingle bells jingle bell jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open slle hey jingle bell
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in one horse open
[Music]
[Music]
sleigh jingle bell jingle bell jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open slain hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a warm horse open
sleigh dashing through the snow in a one
horse open
sleigh all the fields we go laughing all
all the way bells on about Ring makeing
spirits bright what fun it is to ride
and sing a slaying song
tonight jingle bells jingle out jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open slain hey jingle bell
jingle bell jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in one horse open SL
[Music]
[Music]
a day or two ago I thought I'd take a
ride and soon miss fny bra was seated by
my side the horse was leading lank
Misfortune seemed to block he got into a
drifted bank and then we got upside
jingle bell jingle bell jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
hor open slain hey jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in one horse open sleigh
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
open sigh hey dancing Bells dancing
bells feel the r and play Christmas fun
for everyone Let's Dance the Night Away
dancing through the snow with friends
all by our side the music starts to flow
it's such a joyful ride twinkle lights
above the tree is shining bright we
laugh and singing clap our hands Wi on
mer night jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all way oh what fun is to ride in
a one horse open sigh hey dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the ROM play
Christmas fun for everyone let's Dance
the Night Away skating through the park
the stars begin to Glow while sliding
Glide until it's dark and feel the Magic
Grow candy canes in hand the stocking
soon to fill with every step we feel the
cheer it's Christmas what a thrill final
Dancing Bel dancing bells feel the rhym
play Christmas fun for everyone let's
Dan The Night
Away dancing Bells dancing bells feel
the ribon play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night Away TIY
toes and big jumps too stand in circles
1 2 3 wave your hands up to the Stars
it's Christmas time so let's be free
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
open sigh hey dancing Bells dancing
Bells F the play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night Away
dreaming through the park the stars
begin to Glow we slide and glide until
it's dark and feel the magic row candy C
hands the stocking to still with every
step we feel the cheer it's Christmas
what a thrill fighting through the park
the stars begin to grow we're slide and
glide until it's dark and feel the Magic
Grow candy can to hand the stucking f f
with every step we feel the cheer is
Christmas what a thrill final Dancing
Bells dancing bells feel the rhy play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
hor open sleigh hey dancing Bells
dancing bells feel the rle play
Christmas fun for everyone Let's Dance
the Night Away dancing through the snow
with friends all by our side the music
starts to flow it's such a joyful ride
twinkle lights above the tree is shining
bright we laugh and sing and clap our
hands what a merry night jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all the way oh what
fun is to rid in a one horse open sleigh
hey dancing Bells dancing bells feel the
rle play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the night
[Music]
away skating through the park the stars
begin to Glow we'll slide and glide
until it's dark and feel the Magic Grow
candy can's in hand the stocking soon to
fill with every step we feel the cheer
it's Christmas what a thrill bells and
Ms dancing Bells feel the rle
play Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night
Away tippy toes and big jumps to spin in
circles one 2 three wave your hands up
to the Stars it's Christmas time so
let's be
[Music]
free twinkle lights B the tree is
shining bright we laugh and sing and
clap our hands what a merry night jingle
bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh
what fun it is to ride in a one horse
open slay hey dancing Bells dancing
bells feel the r play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
[Music]
Away dance the night
[Music]
away tippy toes and big jumps to spin in
circles 1 2 three wave your hands up to
the Stars it's Christmas time so let's
be
[Music]
free J BS kingle all the way oh what fun
it is to ride in the one horse open
sleigh hey dancing Bells dancing bells
feel the rhythm play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
Away dancing through the snow with
friends all by our side the music starts
to flow it's such a joyful ride twin the
lights above the tree is shining bright
we laugh and sing and clap our hands
what a merry night jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what fun it
is to ride in a one hor open Sligh hey
dancing Bells dancing bells feel the
rhythm play Christmas frun for Everyone
Let's Dance the Night Away SP through
through the park the stars begin to Glow
we'll slide and glide until it's dark
and feel the Magic
Grow candy canes in hand the stocking
soon to fill with every step we feel the
cheer it's Christmas what a
thrill dancing Bells dancing Bells fild
them rhm play Christmas fun for everyone
let's Dan Dan The Night
Away dancing Bells dancing bells feel
the rhythm play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
Away tippy toes and big chunks to spin
in circles 1 2 3 wave your hands up to
the Stars it's Christmas time so let's
be free woo dancing Bells dancing bells
feel the them play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
awayy toes and big jumps to spin in
circles 1 2 three wave your hands up to
the Stars it's Christmas time so let's
be free Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night Away
[Music]
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey dancing BS dancing
BS feel the rthm play Christmas fun for
everyone Let's Dance the Night
Away dancing through the snow with
friends all by our side
the music starts to flow it's such a
joyful ride twinkle lights above the
tree is shining bright we laugh and sing
and clap our hands when a merry night
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a one
horse open sleigh hey danceing BS
danceing BS bu the rym play
Christmas fun for everyone let Dance the
Night Away skating through the park the
stars begin to Glow we're sliding by
until it's dark and feel the Magic Grow
candy canes in hands the stocking soon
to fill with every step we feel the
cheer is Christmas what a thrill final
Dancing Bells dancing bells feel the
rhythm play Christmas fun for everyone
Let's Dance the
Night tippy toes and big jumes to spin
in circles one 2 three wave your hands
up to the Stars it's Christmas time so
let's be free jingle bells jingle bells
jingle all the way oh what fun it is to
ride in a one horse open sleigh hey
dancing Bells danceing BS feel the rhym
play Christmas fun for everyone Let's
Dance the Night Away tippy toes and big
jumps to spin in circles 1 2 three wave
your hands up to the Stars it's
Christmas time so let's beay free
[Music]
jingle bell jingle bell jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in one
horse open SL hey jingle bells jingle
bells jingle all the way oh what far it
is to ride in a one horse open
sleigh dashing through the snow in a one
horse open sleigh all the fields we go
laughing all the way BS on about ring
making spirits bright what fun it is to
ride and sing a slaying song
tonight jingle bells jingle bells jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open plane hey jingle bell
jingle bell jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in a one horse open
sleigh
[Music]
[Music]
a day or two ago I thought I'd take a
ride and soon miss fny was seated by my
side the horse was leading lank
Misfortune seemed his block he got into
a drifted bank and then we got
upside jingle bell jingle bell jingle
all the way oh what fun it is to ride in
a one horse open sleigh hey jingle bell
jingle bell jingle all the way oh what
fun it is to ride in one horse open
[Music]
[Music]
SL lonely kids