these are smart kids that beat the
system I bet you were a dumb kid I was a
smart kid okay let's put it to the test
let's do it all right hold this end to
your nose easy and then tell me the
distance that's uh oh oh yeah I KN I
knew that was going to happen turns out
you were a dumb kid anyways let's watch
some smart kids beating the system yeah
you should probably take notes all right
this kid is playing the shape game oh
this game was always so hard oh that's
that's one way to do it that is way
easier than putting you in the shapes
that kid is going to be the next Albert
Einstein probably yo yo yo chill you're
going to get hurt oh wao waa wa hey baby
chill he's doing handstamps oh I don't
think kids are supposed to be able to
escape from those things well he's an
escape artist baby okay there's a bird
in the house oh
oh he just grabs
it this is definitely something C do I
feel like there's been a time when
there's been a cockroach in the
warehouse and you just grab it how' you
know that I've seen you do it like
there's a there's a spider on the wall
cam just grabs it and he goes outside
and just throws it he's friendly you
know I just put him on my hand and go
let's go buddy I I don't want to touch
any spiders all right spiders are cute
well comment down below if you agree
with Cam that spiders are cute they are
no they're not yes okay the dad doesn't
want the kid to take the
drink but the kid is way too smart yo
that kid took physics class before doing
that bro he's like 1 years old how did
he take physics class I don't know he
might be a smart baby I'm 22 years old I
would never think to do that you just
got to think a little harder this kid is
taking out the trash on a hoverboard
dude why did I think of that this is
working smarter not harder oh yeah okay
listen that looks very very efficient
but if something goes wrong in the
hoverboard malfunctions she's going to
get ran over by the trash can I think
she's willing to take that risk and I
would be willing to take that risk too
oh my gosh do you see the kid on the
ground he's on the phone he somehow used
a bunch of his clothes and like some
pillows to make a fake version of
himself so his dad thinks he's sleeping
I'm going to do that next time when I
sleep over my parents house just like
make an entire like cam stuffed animal
and then you can be on the ground doing
whatever you want exactly my parents
will never know him on the phone past
10:00 okay there's a child lock on the
door the child is processing how I don't
even know how to open it that's not a
child lock I'm not going to lie if I
would have showed up and tried to open
that drawer I would have just given up
that baby is smarter than me I don't
know if that baby's smarter than me I
think I'm smarter than the baby you
probably would have just broken it you
would have gotten so angry you would
just like boom boom boom got a hammer
smashed it and then you're like cool
it's open Now They Call Me Cam the
Builder during the day and cam the
destroyer at night okay we have a
balloon filled with
candy did you see that kid lift up his
backpack no oh you didn't see that no
what no no watch the kid with the
backpack
yeah he literally lifts up his backpack
all the candy Falls in it and he's like
peace that's smart you ever have a
pinata one day you already know I'm
bringing a backpack that's robbery Camp
I don't care I want all the candy Le
some candy for the rest of us snoozy
lose suckers this kid just caught a
baseball from the actual game and then
gives these girls a different ball what
he SW he swapped it swapped it no no
watch closely he's got two balls he
catches one ball and then he gives the
girls just some random baseball how do
you think of that in a moment because
you know that ball didn't just come to
him all right that was random he just
happened to catch it and he had this
whole plan he's like
swap yo did she just remove her own
tooth that's pretty cool you know I used
an RC car once no you did not yeah I did
no you did not yeah dude you tied your
tooth to an RC car yeah can we try it
again nope all my teeth are adult teeth
now no no no guys 100 000 likes we'll
tie a string to Cam's tooth get a
monster truck and then recreate it but
on a big version what are you grabbing
bro yo what put it down put down the ey
dude it down W wo wo wo why is no one
stopping him why is the person just fing
what no way he's going to go pick the
lock on the
door what 2 years old he knows how to
steal a knife walk around and pick a
lock that kid is going to invent like
teleportation or flying or okay that
this so far has been the smartest kid in
today's video but I have a feeling
they're only going to get smarter maybe
like the babies will breathe fire that's
quite possible or have laser pointer
eyes that's also possible or fly that's
impossible what
okay what is this Spider-Man like what's
going on here this was definitely that's
literally cam as a kid oh yeah they just
got cookies that oh oh that was slick
honestly I thought the last kid was
smart this kid is probably even smarter
I didn't even go to say that these kids
might even be smarter than me I agree
what all right so the teacher said they
would give extra credit if someone could
walk on water and that kid just walked
on water the teacher did not look like
he was having it though to be honest I
would just let the kid pass the whole
class because that is thinking outside
the box what that looks so fun he didn't
just make any normal slide he made a
tube slide I'm going to build that at
your house dude we totally should really
we have so many cardboard boxes laying
around let's make an entire water park
out of cardboard would Hannah get mad I
mean I don't care really I want to just
make a cool slide I'm down that was
genius we have another hoverboard genius
yo and they're playing music oh gosh I'm
just waiting for like two hover boards
sounds a little scary yeah at one point
they're going to turn the corner they're
both going to be sweeping and boom
you've seen the videos of people
crashing on those things they look
painful not very fun no I've crashed on
one this kid has a folding hack I got a
folding hack no you don't yeah I do it's
not as good as this it's pretty good cuz
I don't need cardboard box what do you
do this is what I
do
folded I I don't think this is folded no
it's definitely folded that's what my
closet looks like the tighter you make
it the more clothes you can fit exactly
I have a whole shirt in my hand yeah I
can do it to your closet if you want
genius what is this kid doing oh he's
not even making it he's hitting the
sensor bro genius cuz we all know that
those Hoops are just like way too small
to actually make a shot I feel like I
always suck at those games you know what
I'm going to do actually I'm going to
crawl into the machine and just go like
this speaking of crawling into the
machine I was literally just talking
about this a kid is crawling into a claw
machine dude that kid needs to start
grabbing all the prizes and putting them
in the freaking thing imagine employee's
like walking over
just what the s there a ke in there what
if to get him out the parents have to
use the claw machine grab him by the
head and then drop
him what did I just watch what the did
he to do like a backflip dude I think
I'm going to make the coolest little
baby carrier ever you can do back flips
put some monster truck wheels on it I
could see that that'd be pretty cool
yeah I I'd want to go in it what is this
baby going to
do not very childproof isn't it bro is
that the Hulk no way that kid is the
Hulk it's so funny seeing like these
kids get past these like childproof
products I mean you see the look on
their face they are quite surprised
thems themselves like look at this kid
he's like did I just do
that what what kind of magic is this
where's the other ball coming from I
have no clue is it coming from like his
arm oh the other hand oh dude that was
so trippy this video is about kids
beating the system that does not look
like a kid to be honest I'd be more
impressed if a baby was doing it but
it's still pretty cool what wo I feel
like you should build this I definitely
can build this it looks like a spider
I'm not going to lie like spider legs
just crawling in the back the physics of
this are pretty cool though you could
probably build this but put wheels on it
so that you can use it on like land and
not just ice and do some wheelies that
would be sick oh my gosh okay that's
pretty scary this kid is like turning
into a superhero that's pretty cool
that's pretty smart kind of dangerous
kind of dangerous I would always do that
with an office chair and just go down
the entire Hill it would work like that
well I would you know eat crap and then
get really hurt but it's okay it was a
lot of fun what if we made a giant
version got 10 leaf blowers strapped
them all together and then made like a
jet powered roller blade we might go to
the Moon if we make that let's do it I'm
down yo bro no way the infinite scratch
glitch yo you know I could do do that
you kind of like find like you know it's
like over here yeah yeah what happened
okay okay are you good yeah my language
are shaking I've never seen that before
nobody knows about
it I don't know if you want to do
that I've learned something new about
cam every day if you hit my belly button
I fart on a command oh I won't be trying
that one I could do it
though no is this kid using the doggy
door I've done that you have yeah when I
was a kid I feel like I've done this and
got duck yeah it's not fun yeah no not
at all I definitely waited till I was a
little too old to be going to the doggy
door and uh yeah my shoulders couldn't
fit and I was stck halfway through I
would laugh if I was there you wouldn't
help me no okay I just laugh this kid is
literally running away because his
parents wouldn't let him have candy for
breakfast where's the kid going to go to
Candy Land honestly I'd probably go
there too yeah I mean yeah he's going to
walk to Candy Land and have all the
candy he wants this kid is moving his
crib close to the his brother's crib
smart what a technique yo now they can
hang oh that kid did not want to hang he
wanted a fight he wanted a smoke listen
like we both had Brothers I was the
younger brother you were the older
brother yeah so which brother were you I
was the one hitting my brother I was the
one getting hit by my brother ah and
know younger brother thinks yeah yeah
we're cool now though we're cool we're
cool we're cool look at look at us yeah
younger brother
status this is going to be a crazy
Contraption I can see
[Music]
it that was quite the contraption that's
very smart so cam explain to me what
kind of a system is built here okay how
was this done allow me to explain you
get an IH hook and you put it at the
very top of your door trim then you get
string tie one part to the door the
other part through the ihook down to
your your hands or wherever the phone
dangles that way when the door swings
open it's attached to the door and goes
who science oh we got another hoverboard
kid but this time he's mowing the lawn
smart kid I think a hoverboard and a
lawn mower is a pretty crazy combination
I feel like we could make something with
like dune buggy and like mow the lawn in
5 seconds I can build that they're
trying to get the pizza box up there why
don't you just lift it up and then put
it underneath use a ladder that's
literally what
I yeah that's way easier cam predicted
the future on that I did how did you
know it's almost like I've seen that
video before oh oh my gosh you're smart
you're smart yep mission accomplished
bread is secured listen they're smarter
than I am I would have never thought to
do that I might have let's just say I
was the reason my parents had to put
like a dead bolt lock on the high end of
the door cuz apparently I kept escaping
from the house all the time running down
the street my booty out oh oh that's
smart so a kid can't throw the bowl oh
that's smart yeah you know how babies
just throw stuff yeah like they just
pick up the bowl they're like I don't
want it yep yep let's see if it
works yeah see oh another baby proof
thing that's not baby proof that the
company that made that has to just be so
mad right now they're like in the
meeting like all right how can we make
the product better you know somebody
plays the video of that everybody just
like
huh okay we have a kid
that's trying to unlock a
door kind of magic was that what what a
fingernail how do you do that oh my gosh
wait so normally you put a gate at the
bottom of the stairs but that apparently
wasn't working so now there's just like
a slippery ramp that's pretty smart but
I don't know I feel like a kid could
somehow you know stick to it and climb
up that's probably day one of having the
ramp installed on the stairs give the
baby a few more days and they're going
to figure it out problem solving okay
wait
what
oh oh it worked I don't know if it
worked did it work oh
oh I was looking at the wrong
too are you getting like BTSD from this
a little bit all right we got more
arcade videos there's no way that works
no way he just left it what wait but
what's he going to do now oh he's going
to stop it on the most ticket TI he's
going to stop it on like 1,000 tickets
there's no way he would never do that
only on 80 he had the power to get 1,000
tickets and you just stopped it on 80
yeah what the dude maybe he was trying
to like not be suspicious he had his
whole hand in the machine that's pretty
suspicious all right this kid has
apparently left a decoy phone and it's
not even real I need to start studying I
need I need to start finding out what
all the kids are doing because when I
have kids and they start doing those
things to me you can outsmart me all
right I will find out okay I got I got a
trick here hold this up against to your
nose and then I'm not doing it
anymore all right fine I'm not falling
for it twice okay I almost fell for it
actually
oh dude Buddy's holding it so
high yeah that's how you do it yeah yeah
buddy that was smart dude he clearly
sees that all the kids in front of him
are struggling so he's like watch
this oh no way he had a plate he was
ready he knew that was going to happen I
could have used this many times I've had
my face Smash in cakes tons of times oh
smart dude this kid has watched a few
life hack videos and got McDonald's a
couple times cuz that is genius I'm
going to do that when I go to McDonald's
next time this kid just did the craziest
lawn mower glitch oh I get it cuz it's
tying it's like wrapping up around the
pole and it's getting shorter and
shorter every time it goes around the
pole who do you think is smarter the kid
on the hoverboard or the kid with the
string and pole that one kid stringing
pole you don't even have to be on the
hoverboard yeah that's like not doing
any work you just get a chair you sit in
the grass and you watch yeah okay this
kid is trying to open up an
egg oh ow I don't think the kid is hurt
I think the kid is excited the grandma's
so concerned a child's mind is quite
amazing it is they think outside the box
all the time let me ask you this if you
were locked out of your car how would
you open it
up I wouldn't open it up I would take
apart my entire car get in it and then
rebuild the whole
thing hold up what in the Superman is
going on here yo he's using the
hoverboard as like a motor and he's just
on the skateboard yo he's going
backwards he's not even looking where
he's going okay clearly clearly he had
no idea no idea went right into the
trash can you know what I did as a kid I
got my surfboard and I put it on a
skateboard and I was surfing on the
street that's kind of Genius it's kind
of cool huh you can surf and skate at
the same time this is a human claw
machine oh we need one of these he grabs
it with his hand y he's get his legs
look at his legs no way he grabbed so
much with his legs he knew that his
hands were not going to be enough he got
like double the amount of things that's
smart what is happening to Poland oh no
way I have so many questions dude that
dog was just chilling in there okay I'm
going to put my dog on a swing and I'm
going to do that I don't think your dog
would like that you would love it you
might also try to bite me but yeah
you'll love it no
way this is a DIY roller coaster here we
go going down the J hands up hands
up it's kind of like a fun like
entertainment thing to do with your kid
so if I get a basket big enough and I
sit in it will you do that for
me please what if I just build like a
roller coaster at your house that's
going to take way too long we can do it
right now that's true let's do it yeah
it's just easy yeah that's way easier
it's the cheap easy and fast version
yeah way easier than building bro no way
now that is a wild ride do you think
that vacuum would actually like be able
to pull us even though we're like kind
of bigger than a baby with a couple
modific ations yes yeah we can maybe add
two seats yeah we can do it together
yeah then we can put the robot in the
street and we can like right around town
yeah just chilling get some lemonade and
just wooho this baby is trying to uh get
some food but can't figure it out hungry
baby
ah she's like Dad please use your hand
to grab the food and give it to me can
we try that yeah we can try that look
see you got water yeah oh Cam I can't
reach here help okay get the water for
me thank you all right yeah
y why would you do that do you want the
rest of the water okay okay