[Music]
a long time ago in the heart of the
North Pole Santa Claus and his elves
were busy preparing for Christmas back
then Santa didn't have flying reindeer
he delivered gifts on foot with a
magical
sack but as more children started
celebrating Christmas Santa realized he
needed help to deliver presents to all
the children in one night that's when
the story of the reindeer
[Music]
began one snowy winter evening Santa was
walking through the forest when he
stumbled Upon A group of reindeer
huddled together under a sparkling
Aurora these were were no ordinary
reindeer they had shimmering antlers
that glowed faintly in the dark and
Hooves that left a trail of
[Music]
Stardust the leader of the group a proud
and Swift reindeer named Dasher stepped
forward he explained that they were part
of a magical herd born from the light of
the northern Skies each of them had been
gifted with a special special talent and
they had been waiting for someone with a
pure heart to guide
them Santa smiled and said would you
help me bring joy to children around the
world the reindeer eagerly agreed and so
the team was
[Music]
formed the original team consisted of
eight reindeer each chosen for their
unique abilities one Dasher known for
his speed Dasher is the fastest of the
reindeer and leads the charge during
takeoff second dancer graceful in light
on her Hooves dancer helps keep the
sleigh balanced during tricky flights
third Prancer always cheerful and
energetic Prancer boosts the team's
Spirits even on the longest nights four
vixon clever and resourceful Vixen uses
her wit to navigate the skies and solve
any problems on the journey five Comet
the strongest reindeer Comet can pull
the sleigh through the roughest weather
six Cupid with a warm and loving heart
Cupid spreads kindness and joy wherever
they fly seventh Doner known for his
booming thunderous voice Doner leads the
reindeer in cheerful songs eight Blitzen
as quick as Lightning Blitzen adds an
extra spark of magic to the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
team one Christmas Eve a fierce blizzard
covered the world in thick snow and fog
Santa worried he wouldn't be able to
deliver the gifts that's when he heard
about a young reindeer with an unusual
gift a glowing red nose this reindeer
Rudolph had always been shy because of
his bright nose but Santa saw it as a
blessing Rudolph led the sleigh that
night lighting the way through the
[Music]
storm from that day on Rudolph became
the ninth member of the team ensuring
that no Christmas delivery would never
be delayed
again today Santa's reindeer are more
than just helpers they are symbols of
teamwork courage and the magic of
Christmas each one brings something
unique to the team proving that everyone
has a special role to play Whenever
children look up at the star sky on
Christmas Eve they might just catch a
glimpse of Santa and his nine rain
flying by spreading joy and love to the
world merry
[Music]
Christmas happy holidays we hope all
your Christmas wishes come true