[Music]
my name is King I'm 13 years my name is
Maria I am 10 years my name is Priscilla
I am my name is
my name is Asha pancholo my name is
[Applause]
happiness all the time
[Music]
I want to read a video that this Qatar
liked it and they invited us to Qatar
for the first time for the kids to enjoy
their the holiday and afterwards they
again invited us for FIFA World Cup
which we performed before the FIFA
president and then after the kids are
very big fan for PSG and they like
soccer so it's a dream coming true so
they wanted to make our dream come true
they contacted the Paris Saint-Germain
and they invited us here with this
cutter and in Paris so that's why we're
here to watch how much and then see the
sights of Paris
same time
[Music]
oh
my God
[Music]
[Applause]
it started with three kids and myself
from an orphan from the street I'm from
at children I'm from a family of
affected children and in six mothers so
my father died when I was seven years
and then I went to the streets to make
ends meet then someone helped me because
of I was playing football and then when
I grew up I promised I will help kids
then that's why you form the group get
your kids so they are 30 kids in our
home in Uganda their orphans from
streets and then from no parents we
[Music]
okay you like Paris yes okay show me
some skills
entered
[Music]
hey hey
[Music]
[Applause]
we went and with different sites of
France like a heavier Tower we also went
to see different parts like the pyramids
are also doing some videos around Paris
please
[Music]
done
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
come on
[Music]
[Music]
fake
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
fingers
wow
I want to bring a celebrity ranch kid
they have they are educated they are
good citizens because we are bringing
hope to the children from the street and
all over the world even if you are from
the ghetto you can make it so I want to
build a good citizen with the solar
freelance thank you so much we had fun
PSD thank you visit Kata we love you so
much thank you
[Music]