I found the world's most spoiled kids
who are used to always getting what they
want oh for me o momy
w oh my gosh you can tell but that girl
is the spoiled younger sister look at
that face I think she might explode if
she doesn't get some of that
cake what is that noise oh I hate this
house wo this house feeds you this house
clothes you this house looks after you
no need to be making that weird noise
you are in big big oh my gosh big
trouble oh my I'm not what no you
are I told
you that no whoa you can't be doing this
and acting sassy when she stole $100 to
buy that stupid pot my daughter is so
used to getting whatever she wants she
just put stuff in the car
wo what the this kid's buying half the
shop are you kidding me when your kid
gets spoiled with brand new F wait what
the reaction orderline five how many
phones did this guy buy I don't get a
new one wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait is say in the kids get
new iPhones he's got three left over but
the wipe isn't getting one my children
break their phones because daddy owns
the store wait wait what just dropping
them on the floor bro look at their
faces as well they know that they're
spoiled you want me to take your iPad
away no well okay well it's time for bed
no not go to bed oh my God
to go to bed come on I gave you an extra
hour I said no it's not time for bed
chill out it's 9:00 I 12 years old stop
treating me like a baby what these kids
are
sassy said I wanted to TLA you I always
told you I wanted a pink Mercedes Benz
okay well I the Mercedes Benz so you got
that this all you gave me for my sweet
16 in my golden wait what what do you
mean girl do you know how much money
that is that's $1,600 for we 16 and my
golden birthday wait she got
$1,600 and a Tesla and this kid still
complaining oh oh my oh that's a lot of
pink oh little pink Crocs what the heck
how many new pairs of shoes has she got
I mean she's going to have some fly
outfits that's for sure more shoes than
I have let's watch this girl paddle to
the shore from her yacht oh what I bet
has a mad expensive handbag as well you
definitely know her very rich daddy is
sat on that boat by whatever she
wants
wao okay now we're talking billionaire
son taking a 3 million rimat car look
like it's in New York as well you know
this guy's just dripping money I'm
totally not jealous wait what you make
$172,000 a day and they bought a
$60,000 dog what even is it I mean I got
to admit it looks cute like it's it's
not a dog I've ever seen before it's
like a cross with like a bulldog and a
fluffy dog but who's making $100,000 a
day Ralph
Lauren burry okay some expensive fits
you got to admit though like they're
looking good these kids are dressed sve
and their parents probably buy them
whatever they want but they look good
doing it coming home after a 12-hour
shift to find my daughter in the same
spot wait what she's still watching TV
wait wait she's not left her bed
happy wo wo
wo wo
oh oh my kid was like deaf he's like I'm
not hearing any of these stops I'm doing
what I want to his cake I wanted a
different tablet Amelia wo wo wo wo wo
what I can give you if you don't get me
a new tablet holy moly is that the same
girl that stole the money to buy the cup
this kid's got multiple videos of her
now your mom's closet makes you realize
you need to study I swear this girl's
got like
$15,000 worth of jewelry on already but
okay let's have a look well W wo wo Lou
Tom that's a lot of Christian deal oh my
goodness Gucci yeah yeah yeah you got to
study to make the money to then make
your kids spoil the youngest child
dislikes everything
homemade but look at the difference look
at the difference this kid eating all
the homemade food and this kid eating
all the rubbish I hate Jakarta I don't
want to live here anymore I want to move
to Bali where there's clean air and
Beach Clubs oh wow don't be spoiled just
going to build you Beach Club here what
you're going to build me a beach what do
you mean
what wait that bu wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait I like it
thanks Dad even we put super bit CL or
super cool bear wait wait they actually
built him a his own Beach Club okay
that's levels of money we have not seen
before dining room
holy Jesus dude you have a TV your D
dude
I'm not rich dude I'm not I'm upper
middle class I'm not rich bro I've never
heard lies as big as that that table
could fit a whole 10 families around it
oh my goodness your parents decide to
get rich after you moved out so now
you're watching your little brother oh
my goodness can you imagine your younger
brother getting to experience all the
richness and yeting around on a segue
whilst you've moved out gone to college
and probably a really poor do you
understand that there's a worker do why
did you open
herana what are you with behind your
back wo what did you throw wo she throw
anything you have to be calm sh those
kids just look like they're up to no
good every superar owner problem oh my
gosh that like a carbon fiber wait what
that he can't even fit the through food
through the window okay I don't know
what that is oh a carbon fiber
Lamborghini mate he's going to have to
drive home with the McDonald's on his
roof he's going to have to go like 2 m
an hour W spoiled brat cries oh you got
to leave Universal Studios at some point
oh wow oh wow oh wow chill your parents
have taken you to Universal you've had a
great day you got to leave at some point
don't be hitting people your little girl
is 17 you don't want her to leave but
you build her a house what what wait
this is hers oh my goodness she really
got her whole house built for her those
are some rich parents when the rich
Auntie that doesn't have any kids go
shopping wait oh my goodness how many
toys did she get she got a pink handbag
some trolls oh my gosh oh my goodness
okay wow I'm not going to lie there's
nothing better than having an auntie or
Uncle spoil you she's living a good
life oh Roblox come on that's sick what
what PS5 wait bro got a PS5 I got a PS5
was that given to him by the school what
crazy rich Asian wedding is like in real
life so I have a crazy rich Asian friend
and they're getting married I live over
the seas and they flew me and other
guests who also live overseas over and
they've booked all the guests to stay at
a fivestar luxury hotel for around 5
days if you want to get around my friend
gives you a private driver who'll drive
you around in a Rolls-Royce old Bentley
car my friend handed around to each
guest red pockets and that's on top of
giving us wedding gifts so just for
attending my friend's wedding myself an
other guest got a red pocket with $800
they going give them
money they must be billionaires someone
invite me to that wedding I will come we
have charged don't worry I will turn up
wow thanks for the color pencils Mommy I
can't wait to use yeah old 8-year-olds
I'm pretty sure I asked you for the
summer Fridays lip bals this is Dior go
back to the store get me the right one
or I'm going to put you in a retirement
Hall wow yeah kids have definitely
changed over the years they're getting
more spoiled I throw it in
there rrap fake present you better come
look
oh oh that's a good idea if they don't
listen this is a great
idea I mean it's kind of savage but it's
a great idea get some to listen don't
you there does this kid wants a new
phone I get it
no okay that is one way to get a new
phone break the old one you just got to
hope that they actually buy you a new
phone otherwise you got no phone at all
teaching my SPO kids how to adult okay
clean clean clean nice well done good
cleaning how to make a bed here we go
guys you get it yay learning how to do
things
but that's silver yeah but it actually
blue and it's green oh no oh mate are
you serious you know what we should do
take all of these ungrateful people's
presents give them to people that are
poor and watch how happy they are that
would make a good video actually oh oh
oh
wow she's upset she didn't get to try it
okay give it a go see what you
think give it it
go oh oh oh you like it oh oh oh your oh
my oh my your baby's going to get hooked
on those smoothies you're going to be
buying one of those every day oh oh oh
oh no no kid leave it alone leave it
alone it's not your birthday why do kids
always have to be the on to blow out the
candle
no bu the pyramids and buy some of the
ancient artifacts that are here the
mum so I
can noo imagine going to the pyramids
and asking can I buy them yeah mate
we'll ship it back to your home where do
you live Mom are we rich uh no so how do
you explain building me pretty much an
apartment in our house wait what wait
what the um you need space what we even
want to get started on how my monthly
allowance is $600 okay look kid you're
complaining about being a spoiled kid
that's not normally how it works just
accept the money oh a little bit of
shopping nice got a few pairs of jeans
wait wait wait wait bro wait who who who
she's picking up everything holy moly
how many clothes do she need what you
mean you didn't want you told me that
you wanted the BMW graduation GI yeah I
didn't say I wanted a BMW X3 I said I
wanted the X5 oh gosh what's the
difference I mean it's still a BMW quite
similar oh damn boy so what it's
incomprehensible with my mind you can
give me any car as small as you want I
will take it never complain why are you
mad you w take me to Louis Vuitton okay
you're 12 years old you don't need to go
to Louis Vuitton you don't need to Louis
Vuitton sungasses you're 12 how about I
take you to Walmart Walmart honey I
don't think you need it I want Louis Von
W okay you don't have to be so mean oh
there you happy now what okay you can't
so let's see them you can't give in okay
they look kind of nice they look kind of
nice I'm not going to lie 12year olds
don't need that though o 2-year-old son
goes to a festar resort what are you
doing oh bro
[Music]
chilling baby he's living a good
life okay look when you're that cute you
can kind of get away at being spoiled oh
BR his own look like Spiderman losers
I'm going to
Hawai walking for losers chill what
these new age grandmothers is different
these days never in my life would I be
allowed to have toys in the living
living room it's cold downstairs in the
living
room it was it's always been cold
downstairs and we always had to go
downstairs we a never been able to
handle toys here it's true though it's
true grandparents are always a lot
softer on grandkids than they were their
actual children
o oh wait bro's gone from buying the
pyramids to buying me out of the
fridge bro just took the me out the
fridge soon this guy's going to be
trying to buy the Sun out of the sky
good job oh oh chill chill chill oh
oh oh
oh look the trike just happened to hit
the side of the wall you're fine she's
used to everything going her way Rich
Kids accidentally spend money oh my oh
oh oh my oh my what she just
accidentally buy a
Ferrari what the oh my goodness okay
it's quite a cool accident to do though
not going to lie my mom does not know
how to do her hair BC my dad spoiled her
all this time you know what look at that
skill you got you got to spoil your
wife he's like yep I've been doing a
hair for a whole life and I will keep on
doing it for her where were we thinking
of going eating then oh I was thinking
KFC maybe Burger King I was thinking
pasta how about pasta okay yeah yeah I
could go for some pasta okay cool yeah
good cool I'll call my dad he'll Brook
us a private chat to Italy what what how
rich are
you I'm not rich how many times do I
need to say this I'm not rich everything
you're wearing and everything you're
saying is telling me you're very rich a
spoiled baby raccoon wait what the heck
let's bring you into our car you can be
saved wait me up at 3 a.m. for popcorn
okay look maybe you shouldn't have saved
hat raccoon because he is spoiled oh my
God are you the's daughter oh I can see
you have two shopping B what did you buy
I bought um these really nice trousers
and a top from De
with um some nice ballet flats and from
Gucci I got um a strawberry dress she
has a little bag on this girl can barely
put sentences together but she has
thousands of dollars of
clothes T
[Music]
Grandma wa get out of here she's
standing right next to me whoa imagine
hearing that you'd be so upset a really
Jeremiah
how old are
you you want me to pick you up to go up
the stairs a he just wants a cuddle oh
yeah come
on okay he's I'd give in as well when
your Dad paid for it but you know the
mom had to approve it let's see what
they got oh that's nice W look at that
Mustang wo wo wo wo okay kids this is
what happened this is what it's like
when you're spoil and Loud parent
Edition it's quite crazy right oh oh
what wait what what what did that man
just hand his daughter like $10,000 in
cash I'll take a $100 please billionaire
kid trying to buy $22,000 of robblox
oh my gosh oh she's trying I love how
the parents filming this as well oh no
please correct the issues below to
continue you've reached a daily purchase
limit what how much is is she buying
she's just like look Mom I just want to
get myself some Robux and your parents
are supposed to be digging a pond they
dig out 50t length and 7t deep pool what
the wait they built that pool from
scratch dude it looks sick water's so
clear man I want to go swimming in that
pool their grandparents are amazing
having a tantrum because I wouldn't buy
him a walking stick a walking stick too
big for you darling come on no you're
not allowed to walk I no
why do you want a walking stick you
Lally walking around with a stick like
this High compared to him dinner time
with spoiled sister what is that
time I'm not even going to get me a
Tesla she went on a food strike because
nobody got her Tesla Model expl what
later no no no no no no you have to go
eat Amilia you have to go eat no give me
my phone that is so spoiled there's no
way you can give into that you can't buy
your daughter a Tesla just because she
isn't eating her food that's her fault
okay this this is a rich rich baby
literally look like 2 years old she
probably wearing like $1,000 of shoes
Handbags and clothes get that one no
Richard come on we have to go
home come on Richard what you
want P plushies plushies want well all
right I guess
yes Toler was so happy literally ran
into a wall hot I know you're hot
nothing worse than being hot to be fair
if you're not I'm hot why am I not at
home oh the kids on to something there
oh oh my gosh oh my God that is a
dramatic kid oh my
gosh wa she's throwing herself around
what is it with kids just being so bad
at sharing like I was awful as well I'll
put my hands up and admit it I just
bought that one yesterday I have it yes
you do I just bought it take it out no
it's a clean okay look it look take it
out already has it that one I got them
back take it out oh oh when they're so
spoiled they forget the presents you
bought them literally a day ago and I
wonder why she's spoiled oh no Mom
where's Coco
oh
no
really no that's too cute I got the
prettiest babysitters and you can't have
them what the I'm pretty sure these
girls will have set up the camera and
recorded this they basically called
themselves the prettiest babysitters why
does he need four of them looking after
him this rich kid argued with a model in
public complaining about the hotel
filing on my a jet for the summer and
I'm not going to be pay for your things
anymore please this is for peasants to
to walk in and not like peasants she was
really telling him what's what but he's
the one with the private jet so no more
flying for her POV the iPhone 15 just
came out and you've got rich
parents what the what's he doing with
his
phone he's literally throwing his old
phone in the bin just so his parents
combine the new
iPhone wao hope you don't like that
microwave Mom that's not buy me the new
PS5 now I can't play games all night
with my buddies deci to take matters in
my own hands don't check your purse cuz
yeah guess what there's money missing me
what what you can't do that to your mom
breaking your microwave stealing money
for a PS5 come on cuz you got to pay for
that with your money oh
no oh you have to pay for that with your
money I would never be the rich baby the
rich baby yeah so who going to pay for
it you
look not everyone has Rich parents all
right you got to buy some things
yourself shout out to the dad's raising
Divas wa what the what the what just she
she won't walk on the grass oh no oh no
yeah that kid spoiled good luck to ever
ends up being a boyfriend the waiter
hands you the check but your girl pays
for
everything oh okay damn she got that
card ready she knows she's the rich one
why did she pass the card with her foot
go back to one I got my little sister a
gift I thought she'd love it
no was excited oh I didn't want that no
there's nothing worse than watching
someone open your present I absolutely
hate it so it's this kid's birthday but
his younger brother wants all the
attention watch
[Music]
this oh my gosh look how upset it is
it's not your birthday Kate to blow out
the candles oh my goodness what the heck
how many
wo what is that covered in diamonds
those shoes alone must be worth hundreds
of thousands my mom got me the wrong
color
Yeezys oh wa chill you don't have to rub
mudle open that's a good color for your
Yeezys no no that's just disrespectful I
apologize their future husbands because
this is the treatment they expect wow
you got to spoil your kids they're only
young my best friend's Rich check what
the heck is this they got their own pool
Cinema room entire wardrobe and gym yo
can we come work out
there got to get the other one yeah go
on go on you can do
itet oh no she's stuck
oh why is the dad just laughing at her
she just wants some help oh my goodness
okay okay chill chill chill how much
money you're just going to throw money
on a bed okay mate we get it we get it
we get it you're and you got a Rolex on
all right we get it you're
rich wait what the heck wait what the
heck dude are these kids have their own
house inside oh it's there for dogs mate
I want an underground room like this the
moment when all your preaches are
fitting into your Ferrari I mean you're
never going to Fe thing in the front
trunk of a Ferrari what were you
thinking look how many bags she's got
today's video of what the heck are we
going to watch now I am going to be
downgrading my son from this giant
luxury playroom how many toys does he
have he can't even get to one side of
the room to the other that kid's almost
as spoiled as this one oh look how happy
he is though I know baby Yoda a baby
Yoda you got me one too oh it's little
Globe oh my you
Cheetos my girl you fix it oh you got to
admit when your kids are that cute you
can't help but give them everything
happy is oh my gosh it's so much water
so
creepy freaking epic where am I room wao
oh my gosh
get in there oh my oh my gosh I'm scared
if a kid this young screaming at you you
raised them wrong I'm afraid how rich
kids run out of
money washing your hands
okay oh oh oh oh no the water's gone
onto his phone oh he's buying
flights oh my private
jet what what the water on his phone's
doing all of it $50,000 on a jet wa
Ferrari chill chill chill Range Rover
pulling in whoa M that is luxury
holy shees that's that is millions and
millions and millions right there mate
okay it's no fun at sleepovers though
she's here it is safe to leave hello Mr
Petro by the way it is freezing in here
please raise the thermostat great
seriously these are all your
toys you don't have Jack spit sry we
going I set up my nebulizer nebulizer
I'm feeling pretty weey all right fine
deal no I am not drinking toilet
water yeah he's no fun at all at
sleepovers he's just 19 years young but
he's already flying to Du Buy on a
private jet to buy himself a
$120,000 Rolex watch and of course he
has a McLaren too what they're rich rich
I want candy I want candy I want candy I
want
hey nobody gives a what you want shut
your mouth this is a restaurant these
people are trying to eat their
Lun what this pizza is crazy well I mean
it stopped her for asking for candy it
worked oh excuse me ma'am what what do
you do for a living oh that's a lot of
nice bags I'm stay at home daughter
she's got thousands of dollars of stuff
there I want to be a stay-at Home
Daughter private school private school
chair okay oh gosh Lamborghinis
Porsches Lambo jeez
Louise what the heck look at everyone's
cars imagine having cars that nice and
you're still in school oh 10 years apart
wait wait wait is he gaming with his son
on his chest or is that his younger
brother oh my gosh yeah he's like yeah
I'm fortn iting up baby
oh my
gosh guys hit the like button on this
video and everyone that does I will give
you one of these presents 1 2 3 4 5
maybe we've got thousands to give out
tell me your child spoiled without
telling me your child spoiled what this
their own house wait bro it's big enough
what it's big enough for him he's got
his own home with a
TV n that's the sickest thing I've ever
seen working fridge filled with
snacks what okay I have never be more
jealous of a kid in my life AMG
e53 Coupe 9 5 grand no that's actually
oh she got it no I'm so jealous that car
is actually
sick
a wait is he just giving
whoa chill she had that money real quick
this girl's just been given the
bill
$110 how's she going to pay cash a car
for your payment today cash a car mom
you're paying for it of course she he
not oh
no oh no what do you
want one
iPad mommy she's like I always have my
iPad spoiled kid will have
iPad oh my gosh watching his 5-year-old
girl growing up rich on Air France
business class bro she doesn't know of
her life she's living has like $55,000
plane seat my boyfriend's birthday bro
money chocolate Air Force
Ones oh damn W damn imagine waking up
for that for your and a hotel with a
view dude he doesn't know how good he's
got it okay your mom has got you toilet
roll for your
birthday
wait wait $100
bills what $100 bill oh $100 bill toilet
paper oh my bro you just
got BR he's got a newer phone to me my
family gave my brother 3,600 for his
birthday they each put $100 in that's a
lot of
money May you look so bored right now
get a car get a clothes I mean you do
what's he going to get with it he just
doesn't care everybody has that one
thing in their house that everybody
thinks is so cool all right what's it
going to be could be a hidden cabinet
okay little movie room going
downstairs it's better be worth it who
whoa It's a whole bowling alley why
doesn't he invite us overall go play
with him hey yo SC wait wait how many
iPhones has she got she got Peppa Pig
what's more cringe can you imagine being
in this store and this girl is just
walking around filming a Tik Tok holding
a ion iPhones she just doesn't care
guess if you're walking out with a
Macbook hundreds of dollars in iPhones
she'll film anything for the views you
spoil La kids just broke in cuz we
didn't open the door in Halloween we U
the C it's coming it's coming oh my gosh
they just smashed the door down give me
my candy back in 20 we'll get your candy
the kids are breaking in my 16th
birthday asks for a white Cadillac my
parents bought me Silver oh I crashed it
on purpose
mate these spoiled kids are going too
far so they got her white one mate these
spoiled kids know no limits give me that
phone give it
here why is you throwing that phone and
breaking that phone like that I'm not
giving you no Galaxy 7
what give me that phone give it here
he's like I will break this until you
give me the phone you
want oh my oh okay I was about to say
what's impressive about a burger but she
sat on top of the most gorgeous
Lamborghini aracan again imagine how
cringe it is filming these videos that's
my parents backyard and this is my house
because I am 20 years old and I thought
it'd be really weird for me to still
live with my parents what lots of people
live with their parents at 20 this
little so you just got your own house in
the garden okay come then show us what's
upstairs adult so I have laundry but I
need to do this is my mirror I have two
bathrooms two bathrooms there's only one
of you living there how some of youall
think I spoiled my kids pussing
17-year-old around yo give me a ride oh
wao what is this crazy money she got her
own lift that's crazy $400,000 car Daddy
is very support Daddy what 21st birthday
moment oh little moment $300,000 car
let's just supp buy my daughter a super
car for our 21st the kids get even more
spoiled click on screen here to see even
more as I'm about to disappear so
quickly click and I'll see you over
there