we found the world's creepiest kids and
stick around to the end to see which kid
is the creepiest of them all po it's 2:
a.m. and you hear footsteps what the
dude that kid staring right into the
camera and her eyes are glowing that kid
is definitely
creepy what are you screaming for
chasing me what what the heck oh my
goodness what are you doing being the
creepiest kid ever this is going to
scare oh my goodness the kid's not even
scared the kid's just laughing she's
loving it okay if any kid likes that
face app they're definitely a bit weird
at time my kid decided to play dead to
avoid being in the Christmas
show that's a great idea just pretend
that you can't physically be in the show
and they got to kick you out oh my
goodness what is
this bro if that kid ran up on me I'd be
screaming and running away are you
kidding me look at her she is full on
scariest long-haired demon girl I've
ever
seen
what sometimes my son goes no but it's
not as creepy as that oh what when
you're kid loves the zombie a it's kind
of sweet look she giv her a little teddy
as well wa oh she kissed her hey look
she just likes to be friends with anyone
I be worried who you waving to over
there what the who's over there what the
heck who is over there you wav to
baby there's a demon in your room he's
sleeping eyes open standing up what wait
wait how do you sleep with your eyes
open oh my goodness this is what happens
when they watch scary movies they turn
into the scary movie run you know what I
wonder what can be under that Lake oh
what do you think
body what why is she thinking like that
when she's only a kid scared the crap
out of me oh my goodness dude if I went
into a toilet and know was someone
dressed as an alien demon I would just
have to punch him in the face
ready goodness never prank me okay
looked over at my toddler at the grocery
store and saw her doing this to the
cashier okay what is she doing why is
she giving her demon eyes that ain't
right oh oh my the baby is not even
trying to be a demon he just is bro just
is a demon do you see that movement oh
oh that's a good outfit why is her arms
tied together holy moly there's no
expression on their face at all my
daughter was laughing
manically it was
cute but what's she laughing
at what who else is in the room with her
oh I no what's going on wait what the
heck wait wait what what how does she
know to look at the camera this baby is
too advanced for us oh oh oh my goodness
oh my bro I'm telling you you think that
you've got monitors to watch your kids
but they're just using it to watch you
you're going to change the world someday
oh wow no oh what I think you're going
to what who I'll make everybody witches
bats and vampires right you've been
caught on camera saying it if you turn
evil we've got this proed oh
oh has the kid pooped
himself he absolutely scared the poop
out of his mom that's for sure ghost is
bothering Indie
tonight
mom what your dad's actually scary oh my
goodness i' I'd be so upset for my kid
if they were seeing demons guess what
what I ate all of your Halloween candy
last night what oh know I'm serious I
know I know I know if you did I'm going
to punch you in the Wier oh I don't want
to punch in the wiener thank you very
much I'll give you your sweets back I
would definitely check that say good
night
to good night what who good night what
Jugger there's no one up there up there
show me up there what do you mean up
there there there's actually a person
living in your vent you need to move out
your house ASAP shut up oh my that is
Nightmare fuel right there you
I have
superpowers in your
womb breathing underw what the
heck how do you remember being in your
mom's tummy no one should have memories
from that moment this baby can also see
ghosts what is it with babies being able
to see things that adults can't there's
got to be something in it maybe we
should just get a whole host of babies
to scan for haunted people because they
can clearly see them when your toddler
decides to collect horor dolls ah
no mate mate m m my kid did that I'd be
freaked out I'm actually afraid of my
toddler
why oh okay okay I see why don't give
her
that scary look look at her she's creep
oh she's finally looking at the camera
she knows something we
don't oh got to love threey olds
screaming inside a basket actually just
sat like he's talking to someone but his
brother's downstairs what the heck got
an imaginary
friend you talk to Ed who's Edward
Edward what the heck hey look look he's
playing Pok√©mon cards with Edward I can
let that go at least it's not creepy
dolls good
blowing what the was that laugh hey
Eliza what do you remember the day you
were born no but I remember when the
Earth was open and I C down of hell what
and we got to send you back down to Hell
normal kids ask for lullab to fall
asleep this kid just asked for a haunted
house Halloween music sound oh no oh
okay this even worse give a kid a book
and they have drawn the scariest demon
I've ever seen she's even got black eyes
black dress and I don't want to know
what's coming out of those eyes oh
what's going on here oh oh just kissed
her doll she drowning her what no that
that's genuinely creepy no oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness
that that child needs to be looked
up
like or you're not getting the
lemonade do it first oh she went Super
Saiyan
angry what the wait is that the kids
creepy stuff or the parents oh bro a
literal what the oh my okay this whole H
is haunted what the heck oh it's just a
cat okay I thought you had a raccoon on
him for a second I swear there was a
raccoon oh my goodness okay there's
levels of scariness when it comes to
dressing up for Halloween that these
kids are going Way Beyond oh yeah bro
that stare I'm telling you oh my okay it
just turned real evil okay oh my
wa dude is plotting you see him look
I will kill my whole family and no one
will ever know what's a creepy thing
your child does I'll go first I'm Laura
I'm a worn out working mom of two one's
five one is one my son doesn't do it
quite as much now as he did when he was
little he talks about his prior life he
talks about waiting for us he was
waiting for Mommy and Daddy he goes into
quite a lot of detail about it as well
waiting for mommy and daddy telling me
this dude has been born twice what is
the creepiest thing your kid has ever
said to you it's not just what she said
it's also what she did I woke up in the
middle of the night and saw my daughter
who was a toddler at the time who
managed to sneak out of her crib
standing on my side of the bed holding a
steak knife and when I woke up and
looked at her she stood still with the
knife up like this and was like hi Mom
if my kids wake me up holding a knife
you got to lock them in their room oh
watching some YouTube I think
hello I killed
dad did he just admit to it on the phone
when your daughter's first words are a
ple for help
terrifying
[Music]
listen yeah we waiting for those words
help me Mom what actually just said help
me mommy how do you go from not talking
to saying three words in a row why did
you kill the bird Daddy what is she
talking about a bird flew into my
windshield on the way home from work oh
no h what do you even do about that but
how would she know that wait wait wait
she's been at home all day how do the
kid know creepiest synthesizer ever
don't be
shy come out and
play come give me a hug what I have to
go no no I'm sorry that kid that kid
that kid's lost it when you die can you
give me that ring want the ring what
ring that ring on your finger you want
the diamond what this ring yeah that one
in your di well okay well hopefully
that's many years away can't be stealing
diamonds off your mom already
oh I I li I I wouldn't know what to
think if my kids really like creepy toys
like this you just got to embrace it I
guess but that is so creepy oh my
goodness what no I hate it oh oh okay if
my kid came running at me wearing that
mask I'd have nightmares for weeks it's
4:00 a.m. my toddo is laughing and
talking to
someone 4:00 a.m. there's creepy music
playing oh my
goodness oh kid's laughing and screaming
he's definitely got an imaginary friend
I see that blood in the ghost what
there's a blood in that ghost yeah all
of them oh my gosh there's ghosts in
here no there everywhere in those ghost
okay you just got to hope that maybe he
watched some scary film and it's stuck
in his head why else would he be talking
about blood and ghosts oh my goodness
free hugs I don't think so I'll pass on
that one maybe that's what he's talking
about cuz that is some ghost bloodiness
happening right there oh my
godness oh poor
sister oh she doesn't seem to care
oh it took us so long to realize what
was happening bless her the creepiest
thing just happened to me at one of my
princess parties oh gosh okay and I'm
not over it it was really weird so I go
into the house the little girl the
birthday girl and her friends are so
excited to see me and she's showing me
around everything is good and then she
says Mar I have to tell you a secret so
I'm like okay what what do you want to
tell me not another secret and I been
down and she Whispers in my ear and she
said my imaginary friend wants to come
home with you what that means she has an
imaginary ghost following her now when
the kids stay home from school and beg
to watch Pennywise M Pennywise the kid's
like 3 years old no wonder if these kids
are seeing ghosts they're watching
horror movies kids are creepy oh what
the
hell oh oh oh how's oh oh okay I want to
see she was a
mermaid oh oh my no no no no no no no no
know it's too much what was the nicest
dream You Ever Had Me pushing my whole
family off a cliff no I'm telling you
those were my kids I'd be freaking out
oh just casually playing in the wait
what the wait wait wait wait who's this
person here who is that who who whoa
wa wa what the wait now they're playing
cards together they just befriended a
ghost oh oh oh nice slide I
guess oh my goodness that kid don't make
friends with him when your 2-year-old
got a sister for her Undead doll and
take oh my goodness is this the same kid
as earlier that bought the giant doll I
think she just loves zombies I I don't
know what to say look look maybe stop
taking her to zombie shops and start
taking it to like fairy shops a she's
giving her a nice swing though um are we
good who the heck is that I'm going to
hope that's a face swap because that's a
little bit too creepy for me I'm going
to leave you in the corner there madam
oh oh hello what are you doing being a
doll being a doll doll okay that no that
is creepy don't be rocking in Empty
Chairs what you
doing what' you
see what Papa Papa lcy hi oh uh-uh who
are you saying hi to bro bro bro who are
you saying hi come on why why are they
seeing people that we can't see I'm
telling you children can't see ghosts
oh gosh I'm sorry H oh no oh my God
what's the matter
wa
CH that's a great costume ready for some
halloweening Chucky I mean that's great
the ginger hair the little fake scars
the kids on point my daughter has
informed me that there is a person in
her closet that keep smiling at her
sorry open it okay that's a person
there's a person can you show me where
the person is oh no oh no oh
no there's only one answer and that's to
burn the house down there were many
creepy kids but this guy's music playing
freaked me out the most to see the very
best collection of scariest tick TOS
click on screen here to keep on watching
and I'll see you over there