my kids are drifting apart they used to
be so close even though they have a big
age Gap like Tia is 21 and Deja is 14
but now that tisha's moved out I feel
like something's changing between them
so we left Vietnam and girl look at that
pollution we're heading over to the
Philippines for a short family vacation
I really want this trip to bring them
closer because when Tia was little she
never wanted to let go of her sister now
the second the seat Bel sign goes off
she is sitting in a different Road tja
didn't really care though because it
meant she could lay on my lap and watch
Disney movies in peace anyways we landed
we're only in Manila for one day and as
soon as we checked in deja saw a pool
and she loves swimming so her and her
sister start planning to go down and
have a swim after lunch are you close
with your sibling because at this point
I was thinking okay great they're going
to have some fun oneon-one time together
before our next destination and maybe I
was being dramatic maybe they aren't
drifting apart so we get back to the
hotel and teach us on the phone to her
friends and she tells Deja she doesn't
want to go to the pool anymore I could
instantly tell Deja felt so sad so I go
down with her and just watching her swim
by herself girl I wanted to cry we leave
for an island tomorrow so hopefully they
get to spend more time together then
okay bye