hey guys check out this cool marble maze
I found it has lots of fun Play features
like a spinning wheel a musical
xylophone and even some cute animals we
can meet like this giraffe an elephant
and an alligator and it has lots of
pieces so I can really use your help
putting it together what do you say yeah
awesome that's what I like to hear so
let's open it up so we can get started I
put together building blocks before and
marble mazes but never a building block
marble maze this should be fun wow this
is just one bag there's more inside hey
it's a xylophone nice let's see what
other stuff we can find oh here's
another bag and this one looks like it's
got a lot of
gears and I think this is a stand and
there's even more stuff let's dump them
out to save some
time wow that's a lot of pieces I'm
definitely going to need your help for
this let's start with the instructions
this is the one we're going to make so
let's take a look inside hm it looks
like we'll need the green base the stand
and the wheel to get started I'm really
excited this is going to be fun here's
our first green base that we're going to
set here and place the stand right on
top of it it's really important that we
place the pieces in the right places and
here's our big wheel piece it can spin
around like this we'll be able to use it
to keep the marbles going on the
[Music]
track next we need to make a column so
we can add some gears that'll let us
spin the wheel it's almost like a
pattern big piece small piece big piece
small piece big piece now for this long
blue rectangle it'll hold the column
straight then the two attachments for
our gears one and
two and here's our two
gears let's go ahead and put the purple
one on the bottom and then we can add
the red one to the top making sure the
gears line
up finally we'll need our handle for the
gears it needs to go on the bottom
one all right now watch Isn't that cool
spinning the gear spins the wheel
because they're attached next we need to
add some pieces behind the wheel to give
some support to where the marbles are
going to come out this piece needs to
stick out like this with a tiny Green
Piece next to it and then we can cover
those with another orange rectangle it
kind of looks like it's sticking his
tongue out at us next up are these two
column pieces that are going to support
the top pieces of the track
now let's make those even taller by
building on top of them awesome now for
our first piece of the actual track a
blue slide and then an orange funnel to
catch the marbles when we drop them in
and another one over here to make sure
they're good and dizzy if they go this
way and a flower because why not all
right now we can add some more of the
track going this way one more little
straight piece and then we'll add the
corner to turn the marbles right here
and check out the Seesaw piece it'll
send the marbles back and forth and we
won't know which way they're going to go
down at the green base again we're going
to build another column to connect to
the second orange funnel one last piece
here then let's see if we can squeeze in
the blue
slide there we go that was kind of a
close fit now for a corner piece that'll
send the marbles to our right you didn't
think we were just going to use one base
piece did you let's go ahead and attach
the second one now this track is going
to be really big and lots of fun when
we're done with it this column here is
going to to reach up and connect with
the track that we already started
building and that'll allow us to make
the track even longer check it out these
marbles are going to go down this little
slide here and this long straightaway
but we're not stopping there we're going
to add this alligator to it to make it
just a bit more dangerous watch your
fingers now back around to the other
side of the marble maze we'll start
setting up for a second track to go this
way this green seesaw piece looks like a
fun way to go we can add it to the top
of the column we just made
an orange brick is going to go here
because Here Comes our
giraffe there's a path through its neck
and along its back to let the marble
slide down and this cute little animal
will go right here and then we can add
some more pieces to keep this our second
track going then we need to get set up
for adding track to the front of the
marble
[Music]
maze well that was easy all right now we
can bring the track around starting with
the pieces behind the giraffe this big
red slide looks fun and it's going to
send the marbles through this blue
curve and then we'll add another flower
to Spruce things up a bit then we can
add a yellow slide going this way and
now we can use some straightaway pieces
and curved pieces to get our track going
all the way to the front and this
Crossroad piece will let the marbl go
any which way they want we can put one
more curve and now our maze is split
into two more tracks and with the help
of another Crossroad piece we can get
them to join back together here and two
more straightaway pieces will help bring
them towards the wheel and now we'll get
back to work on the track with the
alligator to do that we'll need two
curves together so I'll use this green
piece like a piece of tape and then we
can stick on this orange curve and now
our curve looks like an S and it can go
on top of the column it kind of looks
like part of a roller coaster we still
have one more animal to add to our track
so let's see if we can give it a good
place to go these two pieces here will
be kind of like a pedestal for our
elephant and this trunk can go up and
down to let our will slide down there
you go Mr elephant and now we can use a
post and attach a green curve to bring
the track around and to that we can add
our
xylophone I can't wait to hear our
marbles go down it I'll attach this side
to the post we just put and the right
side to this piece over here now let's
have this yellow sloping curve another
Crossroad a straightaway to the wheel
and a red piece to catch the marbles
that come this way and now it's time to
set up for the fin final piece of our
marble maze first we'll need five
squares with pegs on them and that's
five and then three of them need small
[Music]
gears and the other two will get big
ones a purple one and a red one then
we'll add a small gear on top of the red
one and an orange handle on top of the
purple one and finally let's add a flag
that the gears can turn and one more
flower wow guys we did it we finished
building the marble maze and now we get
to play with it let's start by adding a
yellow and blue marble to our marble
maze to see what happens oh it's on the
orange seesaw I wonder which way it'll
go looks like it's taking the lower trap
the one with the
giraffe and it makes it all the way to
the end that was cool but now it's time
to try all eight of our marbles at once
let's add them slowly so they don't
spill over the track four 5 6 7 eight
good luck marbles now we can start
spitting them through the wheel to keep
them
going nice it's
working look at these two guys go whop
there you go and the other one I love
how the marbles are taking different
paths some are at the top and some are
at the bottom and here they come across
the
xylophone wow our marbles are really
moving I hope the alligator doesn't get
them
let's do a trick shot boa nice here's
the
slowmo it looks like we need to get the
wheel going again to get the marbles
back to the top but we have to be
patient turning it so that they make it
into the
holes there like that wow these marbles
are really going it looks like they're
having a lot of fun
too uh-oh it's alligator
time and it looks like our final marbles
are coming through the mar ma let's spin
the flag great job marble you did
terrific and so did you guys at home
thanks for helping us build it and play
with it bye
everyone it's time to have some marble
maze fun with the VTEC marble Rush
playet with it we can do easy medium or
of course challenging builds and it has
some really cool pieces like a motorized
feris wheel a marble activated splitter
spirals blasters and so many other cool
things so let's get it open and start
building our playset I'm curious to see
what all these different pieces look
like wow so Many Colors Let's pour them
out so we can get a good look at
them it looks like we have a bunch of
track pieces right here and here are
some of the supports that we'll be
holding the track up and now all we need
is a trusty instruction manual to help
us build this playet right here we'll
use these instructions and these pieces
to build it but first we need to clean
off a place to put
it now we can take a look at the
instruction manual and the one we want
to build starts here we're going to need
one 2 3 4 5 six Foundation pieces and
two more on the bottom corners that
sounds easy enough here's one and 2 3
4 5 and now six now for the corner
pieces one on the left and one on the
right now we can start adding some
supports we'll start with this blue in
right here and this yellow piece right
here looks kind of like a banana but
it's actually a bucket to catch the
marbles one more blue support then we
can connect them with an orange curve
and then we'll put another small curve
on the left side now let's set up a kind
of slope for the marbles to go down
we'll do that by stacking a piece to
make it taller now we'll need this blue
straightway and this red slope we'll let
the marble roll down now check this out
it's a marble Cannon when we push the
button it'll shoot the marbles through
the cannon and it goes right here under
the banana now we'll connect the track
to it with this u-shaped Green Piece
then we can add this double Tower of
Blues and then we'll need this clear
piece which has a hole in the middle
that lets the marbles fall through it
another one goes here and then an orange
piece here will let us connect it with a
curve we need a tower three blocks high
and two blocks high here and then let's
add an orange orange piece and another
blue one that'll let us add this long
red curve to the track and then connect
it over here with a short orange one now
it's time to give the left side of our
track some attention with an orange
piece here and a blueberry piece here
and then we'll add this marble shooter
that'll blast the marbles when we push
the
lever adding this blue piece will let us
connect it with the straightaway piece
and then a longer straightaway piece
here then a couple of towers two blocks
high with a straightaway in the middle
and this piece here acts like a kind of
basketball net to catch the marbles that
we shoot with our first Blaster now we
just need a wait for our marbles to get
from the basket to the shooter and one
more piece here should do the trick
let's add a support Tower three blocks
high so we can use this yellow downward
sloping curve it's going to send the
marbles down from the taller Tower to
the shorter one let's build this section
up just a bit more so we can add another
red curved piece adding these three
pieces here in the corner will let us
use this really cool Yellow s shaped
piece our track's going to have a lot of
levels so we'll need to build it up
taller to add all the different curves
and straightaways that are going to be
on our track the blueberry pieces let
the marbles pass across them and the
orange pieces send them in One Direction
only ah there we go now we can add a few
more track pieces here on the second
level let's add another clear piece and
a blue piece and then connect them with
this big orange U-turn then we can make
these two towers a little bit tall
taller and then add on these two
downward sloping curves which should
give the marbles a lot of speed as they
head down the
track let's give this Tower one more
Blue Block and then we'll use this
randomizer which splits some of the
marbles to the right and some of them to
the left we need to connect the track to
it so let's build these towers up just a
bit higher then we can add two sloping
red pieces to both sides then we need to
add another orange curve now check this
out we need to add 1 2 3 4 5 six 7 eight
blocks to our tower now that's what I'm
talking about and now I think this is my
favorite piece of the set a spiraling
Vortex that's going to send the marbles
around and around and we'll connect it
with the small orange curve now if we
get these supports a bit taller we can
add another level to our track and for
that we're going to use this big orange
slide and instead of the marbles going
down it they're going to come up it from
the blaster on the left side one more
splitter over here will help the marbles
go into the spinning
Vortex and this piece here will catch
the marbles as they fall and send half
of them to the left and half of them to
the right and how about this a motorized
feris wheel the marbles can catch a
right in the holes and they'll be
carried to the top of the ferris wheel
now let's attach a few pieces of track
to them an orange curve
here and another one here on the left
side this blue spiral Piece Will will
get the marble spinning toward the top
of the
[Music]
track we can add this green flag piece
on top of one of the orange
Splitters now for the final piece of the
marble maze this bucket will catch the
marbles as we place them
in awesome now we just need to add some
stickers and our marble maze will be
done and there it is doesn't it look so
cool I don't know about you guys but I
can't wait to try it out let's turn on
the Ferris wheel so that it's ready for
the first marble I think we'll start
with this red one here all right here it
goes I can't wait to see how the track
works it looks like it wants to start
out going to the right to ride the
ferris
wheel and this time it should go to the
left because that piece takes turns and
all the way down the track to the
Blaster let's launch
it yeah we made
it now it's going to the launcher on the
left side now let's send it right back
up
wow that was so awesome now let's try
two marbles we'll use this solid yellow
one and this one that's half green and
half white all right let's send them
down the track and watch him
go oh the yellow one just cut in front
of the green
one wow I'm getting dizzy just watching
it and finally here comes the green one
trying to catch
up come on green one you can do it all
right it looks like both marbles want to
do the uphill blast first
one and
two now to get him in the
basket oh so close let's try it
again and fire yes we got it all right
your turn green one and you
go all right we got it on the first try
now let's keep the marble party going
with tons of marble
and here they
[Music]
go
Bas to my on the way I dropped it
dropped it I dropped it and the I a
little me up and put it in his
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
a a tasket a green and yellow basket I
wrote a letter to my love and on the way
I dropped it dropped it I dropped it and
on the way I dropped little it up
[Music]
wow this has definitely been one of my
favorite marble mazes that we've played
with if you liked it too give us a
thumbs up see you next time let's put
together this fun building block Raceway
it looks like a lot of fun to play with
and it comes with a race car police car
and school bus
it looks so cool and I can't wait to
play with it so let's open it up and get
building the box says there's over 150
pieces so let's take a look at them wow
that does look like a lot good thing it
comes with instructions to tell us how
to build it we just have to follow these
pictures so let's get started here's our
first two bags of
things now these make
four and the last these two bags make
six bags of
pieces and just like anything we build
we need to start with the base this big
blue rectangle will do the trick so
let's set it down in the middle of our
table now we can start adding columns
this black one here is four blocks high
and here's a tall white column that
we'll set beside
it and Behind These We'll add a tower
that's three blocks high two blocks
and now some red columns the same height
as the black one and one over
here and one more here then we'll add
two supports a short one and a medium
one and to hold up the bottom part of
the track we've got this long orange
rectangle and with that in place we can
add the first part of our track this
long straightaway piece now let's add
some height to some of our supports one
piece will go here then one block and a
half block on this one and two more
blocks for this one now we can really
get the track going with two more
straightaway pieces one here and one
here to get the track the loop around to
the back we'll need two 90° turns here's
one and the other to make
180° now we can keep the Track Climbing
on the supports we made earlier you can
see how important it is to follow the
instructions so all the pieces line up
now another curved piece will keep the
TR going as it heads up to the next
level and two more red supports will
help us for what comes next two Thin
yellow rectangles will connect the four
we have here and allow us to make a sort
of bridge with two more pieces this way
and then one orange half piece here now
we can add more pieces to help our track
as it gets taller now two red bricks on
our new platform here then we'll add a
piece of the blue awning in the center
another to the
left and one more piece to the to the
right and now a square yellow platform
will help us set up for the next
level we'll need to secure it in place
so let's use these long rectangles a red
one can go here and for even more
stability a yellow one here and now we
got some orange pieces that kind of look
like a duck spill and they can go right
here and one more yellow rectangle for
later then we can add a safety fence so
none of the spectators fall
off we'll need another red column here
here and now to add a few more pieces to
get ready for the next
level with all those in place we can now
start looping the track around and we'll
keep adding curve pieces because this
part of the track makes a spiral these
two in the back will help us make a
complete circle each new piece we add
makes the track go up and up so we'll
need to add another column to help
support the next level for our
Spectators we can add this window that
opens and closes by putting it here it
helps the track stay stronger and now
for our spectator he's going to watch
the race from over here let's give him
this Checkered Flag to hold so he feels
really
special then we can add more fence
pieces to keep them safe one right here
and another one over here on top of the
awnings then we can start building up to
get ready for our next level a few more
pieces will make it high
enough there we go now we're ready for
for our next level a square yellow
platform piece will serve as the
base then we can connect it to the
center column piece to make sure it's
secure and then a yellow rectangle for
supporting the track this red triangular
piece will go here and a red rectangle
over here next to that we'll put a blue
square with a tall skinny yellow piece
on that and one more triangular piece
over
here and this flat blue piece will be a
base for for our next
window and here it is our Spectators can
use this one as
well next we need a little piece back
here and then another duck bill piece
over here on top of this Center
column then these two pieces will help
us get ready for the two arches that are
going to go on this
platform a fence will go in front to
make sure everything's safe and
secure now we can start building a
skinny Tower with a blue block a yellow
block and a little orange hat on top now
we can put our first Arch over here it
kind of looks like the letter A doesn't
it and next we can add another curve
piece to our
track then A straight piece to bring it
across the front and a curve to turn it
back to the back
again now behind the track We'll add
another curve piece oh one of the pieces
popped off you know I think we had that
in the wrong place I think it's actually
supposed to go over here they are good
as new now we can get back to our track
with another straightaway here we're
almost at the end of our track with a
curve piece here two blue squares one
here and one
here and then a little higher for this
side and a dark blue roof for our window
here with a few supports on top of that
an orange square and two little green
rectangles and a cute little light post
can go right here and now we're ready
for the light last few pieces of our
track our last curve piece right
here and now this tiny little ramp piece
will be the last part of our yellow
trap we'll use a rectangle to hold it
down and cap that off with a couple of
smooth pieces a white one and a blue one
then we're ready for the second
Arch looking great we can add this red
cone for our next
flag this one here a blue flag with the
number one on
it now for a stop and go light over here
on the left
side and by connecting these two pieces
we can make a gate that raises and
lowers for the
cars there now we can control when we
want them to
go now let's add a few pieces for our
Clock Tower these two blue pieces have
pegs on them so that we can attach
things perfect for these two propellers
here I'll put one on the right side and
the other one on the left
then let's add our clock piece the top
off our Clock Tower excellent this blue
sign shows that there's a sharp turn
ahead we'll put it right here at the
beginning of the track and down here
we'll put this sign that has a lever
that changes from stop to
[Music]
go only two pieces left this yellow
brick will be used to stop the cars and
this stop sign will let everyone know
that this the end of the track great job
guys we finished the track and it looks
awesome and now it's time to play here
Comes our yellow school bus let's see
what it can do on our track all right
everyone are you ready to see the school
bus going on a fun ride I know I am so
let's watch it
go oh cool the school bus is bumping up
and down as it goes down the track I
hope the students didn't get motion sick
I'm pretty sure our school bus had a lot
of fun going on the track so now let's
check out our next vehicle and that's
going to be our red race car it kind of
looks like Lightning McQueen doesn't it
well let's see how it does on the Trap
all right let's get it ready 3 2 1
go wow look how fast our race car is
going nice job red race car that was
pretty cool now we only have one more
vehicle left do you remember which one
that would
be it's the blue police car you
remembered great job now let's see it on
the track
all right Mr police car let's see what
you can do and it's off wow look at it
go that was pretty awesome it looked
like our police car did a great job
going down the
Trap hey I have an idea how about we
race our three cars to see which one is
the fastest if our school bus is the
fastest we'll open this yellow Charlie
Brown surprise box if the police car is
the fastest we'll open this White and
Blue Star Wars prize
box and finally if our race car turns
out to be the fastest we'll open this
blue and red Superman prize
box now starting with our school bus
let's see how quickly it can get through
the
track we'll use a timer to see how fast
they're going the smaller the number the
faster the
vehicle all right 6.51 seconds is the
time to beat so now let's let's see how
well our race car
does start the
clock oh man it's going to be
close wow 6.44 seconds that means the
race car was just a little bit
faster all right we got one more racer
let's see what the police car can
do wow it looks like it's going really
fast
6.17 seconds that means the police car
was the fastest car and won the race so
let's open the blue and white Star Wars
prize
box did you hear that there's definitely
something cool inside oh what is
this hey it's a Mario Kart prize egg I
love Mario Kart I'm even kind of good at
it well let's open it up and see what
racer we
get all right let's crack it open
oh wow check it out it looks like we got
the silver Metal Mario Kart that's
pretty awesome let's wind it up and send
it
off watch out
Mario check this out it's a car train
woohoo thanks for watching the video
guys I hope you had a lot of fun and if
you guys are curious about what's in
these other two prize boxes check our
Facebook page Link in the description
see you later