this Story begins with a thought we've
never had before this Christmas why
don't we try being Santa Claus we're
going to make kids their gifts just as
they wish first we'll find out what they
want and then we'll make a
Liv we thought the best place to start
would be collecting letters from the
kitties so we tried to speak to their
parents and the reception was
overwhelming we actually only got seven
letters most parents just thought we
were creepy this one kid wanted to say
hi and his mom just dragged him away it
was deeply embarrassing but that's okay
seven different kids from around the
world imagined a toy and asked us to
make it except for one rather than
request Joey chose to challenge us all
he wants is a surprise oh Joey we'll
surprise you but for now let's
concentrate on the First toy the pluck
so this was our first ever letter from a
little boy called Liam he was a bit too
excited to give us all the details that
we need but what we do know is he wants
a plane or a truck so it makes sense to
maybe make a plane
truck we don't know how to make this but
we thought we'd start by doing some
drawings and things were going
okay until we had an unexpected visitor
[Laughter]
hello
[Music]
[Laughter]
hello bye bye bye it was so cute but I
also was like do I welcome it for
four-year-olds r as you and you go
[Laughter]
seeing how excited Liam was to get his
toy he made us want to make the sickest
pluck anyone has ever seen I get
H I mean why did you get the Huger not
me I was just closer that I was just
closer yeah whatever whatever I don't
need a hug anyway we got the final
designs for the pluck now we have to cut
it out and stick it
together this is looking so good wow
that's cool yeah man that is
cool but we're still going to pimp this
ride Liam we got you them Flames for the
paint job and you know we had to get you
them 1.5 in wheel what do you do if Liam
was like yeah pain work's a bit shy
there mate he's five are you just
treding to turn him into a villain cuz
you haven't had a hug
yet anyway after some finishing touches
the pluck is
done now hoping we can give it to him in
person cuz his reaction would be
Priceless but we've still got a bunch of
toys to make and it's not going to get
easier this next one is for Elijah and
his favorite things are cosplay and
Bricks andand
disorder very cheeky very cheeky you and
this seems pretty straightforward except
for the fact that he wants sharp claw
bits making this toy safe is going to be
tricky what's that meant to be color
just highlighting the importance of the
Curve Wolverine isn't famous for being
child friendly but we're just here to
make the wishes so we started by drawing
out the claws and then we cut them out
of foam that's pretty good we started
feeling the pressure to make these Claws
and all of the toys safe and Elijah's
mom made sure that pressure was going
nowhere if you're planning on making
soft toys please be careful about the
toy safety RS there are strict rules you
need to comply
with we worked on it night and day and
while colen was working outside Liam
came by excited again asking for his
present where's
myug I'm sorry man you had to witness
through the window another hug it's
killing me back inside
yeah every subscribe is a hug for AA
give a a hug
today yeah he's going to love these it
hurts though I'm going to R
ah that scared me don't worry Mom said
we could use wood to make these but
maybe we should take the edge of them a
tiny bit we're going to use this special
paint for a perfect Chrome effect it
looks like the stuff that the
terminator's made out of they slowly
made their way down the list but their
master plan had one big hitch posting
that Christmas is a nightmare remember
so they need to be finished by the 15th
of December and it's currently the 12th
while we always running out of time
somebody
help but luckily they had a willing
helper
who weaves Christmas magic into all her
Endeavors and we're going to need her
cuz next we're making a whole set of
plushies but we like to call them the
teddy gang Teddy number one is kiwi that
needs to be an exact replica of A's
doggy Teddy number two is Mio we think
she was meant to write meow Teddy 3 is
Annie's Teddy and she just wants any
Teddy these three teddies are wanted by
5-year-olds we started by finding
patterns of the cutest Teddy's online oh
come in come in come in you got to show
all
no way can't wait to stuff that
one
what there is something wrong with Teddy
but don't worry Teddy we are here to fix
it now this is promising Teddy has a
healthy bon bon
layer and an even healthier heart we'll
be putting that back it's time to stuff
Teddy we have hard fluff and soft
fluff think his head should be made with
the softer harder in the front but then
back Teddy you did so
well while I was diligently cutting the
fabric Colin just got another hug a hug
is just yeah he gave me another hug but
he also gave me a warning why is my
plane might be ready yeah you give me
the present calling the police now his
toy is ready but we really want to see
his reaction so we're going to surprise
him the other toys on the other hand are
far from finished even with Beth's help
on the Teddy gang we are still so far
behind we promise these kids the toys of
their dreams for
Christmas anything other than that is a
night how do
do finish me help
me this was a wakeup call we needed to
get back to work
look so this one's a tough one she's
been very very specific I am seven but
nearly eight for Christmas I would like
a cuddly toy white tiger hot water
bottle she just wants a tiger hot water
bottle holder you think that's what she
wants like the whole body is a hot water
bottle yeah no no no she said cuddly toy
so it is a cuddly toy and it is also a
hot water bottle holder it's either we
make cly toy white tiger or we buy one
and then we do s to it think our best
option might be
[Music]
surgery Beth picked up the pieces and
started working on making a hot water
bottle belly while colen and I finished
off the teddies little Mio needed some
stitches Annie's Teddy needed some
eyeballs oh look at this cutie pie I
just want to eat him
up finally Annie's Teddy needed a the
whole leg
[Music]
connection Teddy
game Teddy game we also managed to
finish hot water bottle tiger 2 and
Caitlyn is going to love
it we have one more day to mail these
toys before Christmas and we still don't
know how to surprise
Joey so we decided to be a little bit
sneaky we got some inside info from his
mommy he's into Pok√©mon Minecraft he's
absolutely obsessed with Argo from the
TV show dragon rescue Riders he loves
taking things apart to see how they work
a wooden puppet The Bu like a boss these
fire chudley toy ARA I guess a cuddly
toy chudley I was thinking a hoodie too
hit me out
though what if we made him a board game
no not even close can't make that in a
day what can we make in one day Agra is
the favorite but then we came up with a
surprise we think he'll love let's just
hope we don't get sued for
[Music]
it we worked deep into the night to get
this finished
[Music]
for the sake of copyright this isn't
Agro from dragon rescue Riders this is
Argo from dragon Riders rescue and she's
looking Majestic we think these toys are
going to make some kids really happy and
just in time for Christmas but one thing
that makes me kind of sad is we're not
going to see any of their reactions
except for one remember that surprise
for Liam well
[Music]
I think it might be this one sure about
that yeah yeah that's for
you is it a plane you said you wanted a
plane and a truck so we could have
[Music]
decided is it that plane in the truck
yeah thank you
[Music]
thank you thank you didn't even
hesitate with all presents safely in the
mail that ends this Christmas
Tale guys please subscribe our last two
videos bmed we're so close to 300K need
more money please Brand
too us this stuff isn't think of the
children it's okay seriously subscribe
Merry Christmas merry Christmas happy
New Year ye