hey loves it's Brianna welcome to
today's vlogmas video which was highly
requested it's the what I got my kids
for Christmas video this is like the
very last time I can film this because
I'm actually having my girlfriends over
for a wrapping night party cuz the kids
are going to be spending this like day
and evening with their dad and I started
this tradition last year with my one
girlfriend two more girlfriends are
joining in the tradition and it is just
so great I would highly recommend doing
this with a friend who if they are in a
divorce situation or if kids can go to
Grandma's house or whatever it is just
so fun to all get together bring all the
gifts have a huge wrapping party kind of
tackle your to-do list together right so
um before I wrap all the gifts I was
just holding this for the thumbnail um I
put them all behind me I'm going to go
through what my kids gifts are for
Christmas so if you are new here and
just joining the channel welcome hope
you subscribe give this video a thumbs
up but I have a 9-year-old boy his name
is Landon I have a 7-year-old girl named
Presley and then I have a 4-year-old boy
named Hayden so that was so I don't know
if the cat hit the way or something the
light just went out but anyways this is
what I got my kids for Christmas 2024
okay I'm going to start with my son
Landon's presents again he's 9 years old
um I'll show I think on the screen here
his big present that's kind of how it
worked with my older to this year his
big present is he wanted an electric
scooter so that's his big present that I
didn't log in here
um and then his stocking if you watch
one of my earlier vlogmas Vlogs I did a
stocking stuff for haul if you want to
see everything I put in their stockings
but his stockings a little heavier cuz
he wanted some gift cards he wanted like
v-bucks and Roo cuz he loves video games
um so I guess it would be appropriate to
show this little personalized ornament
picked out for him you know do it at the
mall they put it on there so that was
one of his presents he asked for a
football so he got a football and he
really loves Sports and since his name
is Landon and we live in Cleveland it's
kind of my little thing that whenever I
see anything that says the land on it
cuz that's what a lot of the sports
stuff says for Cleveland sports I get it
for him
so saw this cute little Cav's hat this
is like their City I actually love the
city colors when they do the baby blue I
think they're so pretty um sort of like
the old school cabs colors that were
like the baby blue and orange but a lot
of the city stuff um and it's really
cute too cuz it says like 216 the land
on that too um but I like their City
jerseys a lot for the Cs and then
another hat I saw cuz he said he wanted
like Cleveland sports stuff um this
Browns the land hat so he has that for
Browns games I was actually kind of mad
cuz I ordered these on Amazon s I'm like
on my knees doing this cuz everything's
just scattered on the floor so I feel
like I'm kind of uncomfortable I like
knee pads or something um but I'm kind
of mad I ordered this from Amazon and I
feel like the box is a little beat up I
mean the shoes still look okay he picked
out these shoes he really wanted these I
don't know if they're Jordans or what
they are I honestly I just let him pick
up them out I was like show me the ones
you want and we got those and then I
thought that this shirt a little Ohio
shirt that went really cute with the
shoes you since we have the Rock and
Roll Hall of Fame here in Cleveland and
kind of made me think too of how we
dressed up as all musicians for
Halloween too so I thought those would
look cool together and then of course
another land shirts like I got him
something that was for the Guardians the
cabs the Indians Cleveland all the
things that can have this this is like
so sof to this is from the uh it's
called where I'm from I know they have a
store at like South Park Mall here in
Cleveland I think they have other
locations too but that's where the
Browns hat and the like this rock and
roll shirt was from too um then to go
with the football he asked for football
gloves and I got the ones that I don't
know if you can do it it's like a
you put it up and it says like
haha and then he loves Pringles so I got
him some Pringles and he also asked for
Starburst so I got him a thing of
Starburst okay next we'll do Presley
stuff so two big things that are hidden
in my garage right now um that I got for
her because she loves gymnastics I got a
tumbling mat and this octagonal sort of
like back flipping mat um that she can
use down the base bement and I liked
this one cuz it came in like the more
neutral color I know I'm weird I like
everything I'm I'm a sad beige mom as
I've heard other people call hey don't
play with that
tree
kyua dang it I moved this chair hold on
hey out of there no no out out
out I'm not going to eat more
wires she's already ruined wires at the
bottom of like two of my other Christmas
trees this one I don't know if you can
yeah I think you can see there's like a
whole Chunk on the bottom missing cuz
she she threw the wires oh being a cat
is fun um really missed my dog anyways
um I think I was saying sad beige mom we
can move on to other things she asked
for kinetic sand so I found this one
like I don't know Candy Candy scented
Sandy land is what it's called so got
her that kinetic
stand
and at Target they were having like some
kind of a you know deal if you bought a
certain amount of toys so I also got her
the ice cream kinetic
sand she also is very specific she's
like I want white Model Magic clay so I
got her big tub of that she also asked
for a new journal in pens so I thought
this one was cute cuz it kind of look
like kyua says stay positive and then
some rainbow pens
and this one's going to make me cry she
asked for a stuffed coy dog so I found
that one on Amazon and it is really
really soft and I feel like it does look
like a COI I miss
her it's still so hard some clothes
stuff that I just off for cuz again
she's just like easy I like see stuff
for her all the time um I saw this cute
little top with which I just thought
like Valentine's Day coming up that was
just like so adorable just screamed
Presley it has like the little rosette
on it too love that um she also forget
where we were I think one of my friends
was wearing like a locket and she's like
oh what are the pictures inside your
locket I wanted and I didn't print the
pictures yet um I try to do that ASAP
but I mean this goes under the tree
without the pictures in it it's fine but
I found this really cute I wanted to
show you guys it up close cuz I thought
it was kind of neat um it's a little
like rose gold
locket if you can see on the front it's
almost like roses and a butterfly I
don't know if it's going to focus on it
maybe I can find a picture of it online
I don't think my camera's going to focus
but I just thought that was really
really pretty and unique um she got
little rose gold locket and then Hayden
was with me actually when we picked out
like their little personalized ornament
so got are the little cheerleader one
that says
Presley and she also loves slime slime I
don't know if any of your kids love like
the peachy babies Channel but I think
that's like the Slime Channel she always
watches on here so I made sure I found a
peachy baby's one this was the chocolate
chip cookie dough one she asked for the
key lime one and I couldn't find it
anywhere online so whoops um and then I
didn't pick this one out for her which
she was so cute shopping with me the one
it says meoi Christmas and it has like
little cat and Beads I guess it goes in
the Slime I don't know what kind of
scent this one is cloud slime I don't
know and then this is one of her other
big gifts she has been asking a long
time for an iPad so I got the iPad and I
got the little butterfly case then for
with it and her and Landon are doing Ski
Club this year and he already has
everything cuz when we did our 101 trips
this past year Landon and I went to bail
so he already has all his stuff for
skiing but she just needed a new pair of
like
biib ski pants
overalls and and some long
johns and she got a new ski coat as well
then so all cordinates for her okay and
now for Hayden who just turned four he
was my hardest kid to shop for this year
because I feel like he already just has
so many toys because of everything that
got handed down from Landon and
Presley and yeah he was just difficult
but I talked to some friends some of you
gave me recommendations too because I
even said this in the stocking stuffer
video and for kids like around his age
like what their favorite things are so
this little wobble disc was recommended
to me by my friend Molly she's my
photographer for a lot of stuff on here
too she always takes like our family
photos and anytime I need her help with
photo stuff but she got this I think she
said for her niece and it was like a
huge hit so that's like his big gift
this year um he did when we were out
shopping cuz and I took him shopping
with and I was just like is there
anything you see he really wanted this I
mean he honestly already has like so
many cars that look like this but I know
the little truck thing I think that just
appealed to him so he got that
too got him some popcorn cuz literally I
swear like what he wants to eat every
single day he comes home from school and
it's like Mommy can you make popcorn for
me so got him popcorn this was another
game Molly recommended to me she really
came in the clutch um but it's called
caboo she said also her niece who's like
at the same AG as hey absolutely loves
this game so got him that and I think I
got served this as an Amazon ad after
somebody I think I was dming about it
and it's a little dinosaur you try to
like shoot the balls I guess with a gun
into their mouth and I know looks really
fun and cute so that one for him too
some boring things just cuz I was like I
wanted to have stuff to you know unwrap
like all the other kids some new
underwear and some new
socks he ALS also when I was there with
him getting and he's like oh presy would
want the Slime he thought that this
snowman slime it's like called melted
snowman it's actually really cute cuz it
has the pieces of like what you'd put on
a snowman he was talking about this one
so I was like I secretly got it for him
and then I got him this because at one
of the travel soccer games cuz pres
plays travel soccer my girlfriend um her
daughter had this little magnet it was
basically you move the cars and park
them in parking spots um that match up
with different letters
she thought I ordered that too but maybe
it hasn't come from that may be one of
the ones like said was getting delivered
to like the 23rd so um fingers cross it
comes um at least this one came this one
is the colors one and you like put the
colors where they belong for the ice
cream but I know I got him the there
like one there like parking spots with
the alphabet so like you park the car
with the letter on it in like the right
parking spot so to help with you know
colors and
letters then I also got him this tool
Play-Doh kit cuz he does like Play-Doh
gloves cuz we are always or mittens I
guess we are always just losing them and
then I think these are going to be the
gifts that like Landon is going to give
him because Landon had this big thing
where he's like Nike is what's cool
right now so oh I know my grandma got
him some like Nike and Under Armour
stuff those are the two things he said
that were cool so one little Nike set
another Nike set I like this color on
him too I feel like cuz he has dark
brown eyes and hair like he looks really
nice in this color in particular the
blue two cuz they kind of contrast each
other you know and then when I was
Target I forget which day I went but
they had like a huge sale on all the cat
and Jack stuff so I got him this little
set in blue kind of more of a aqua blue
and um then I got him some pants and a
little matching Stripes to top so he's
got some cute new outfits for the new
year but that is everything I got my
kids for Christmas this year please let
me know down in the comments what was
the number one one thing on your
Christmas list and your kids Christmas
list I know um for me what I've just
been doing as a single mom um cuz I
obviously want my kids to also
understand that like part of this season
is getting gifts for those that we love
um is like I will have Landon Presley
and Hayden all pick out something for
each other like you know Presley will
get something for Landon and Hayden and
vice versa um but then I also tell them
just some things that are on my wish
list that I would like and it's been
cute I've kind of taken by into to
Target and they give them a budget and I
say like okay like you can pick three to
five things for Mom and they'll usually
try to find some of the things that are
on my wish list but then they'll pick
out really cute things for me too it was
really sweet even at the mall um you
might have seen in the Vlog a couple
days ago Landon was even like Mom I want
to go to Bath and& Body Works and he
wanted to go to K Jewelers and buy me
something and was over his budget but it
was still just the thought that counted
that he was like thinking of something
he wanted to get me really special and
it just touches your heart you know I
feel like that's part of this whole
holiday season is just that you think
about the ones you love and let them
like you know know how you know them and
care about them and what they're
interested in and getting them something
that's really special and I just have so
much gratitude for my mom and dad and my
grand and Grandpa and just everyone in
my family growing up who I feel like
made those childhood Christmases so
freaking special like and if I had a
time machine I probably would want to go
back in time to some of those
Christmases and just I'm going to tear
up like really of them as an adult
because they really were just like so
special and magical and just a huge
thank you to my mom cuz I know that she
watches these videos and I feel like she
made so much Christmas magic happen for
us
and that's part of the reason I wanted
to be a mom like I wanted to be a mom to
do
all those really special magical
Traditions with my kids too and it's
like so cool to be in it doing it now
but okay my phone is clearly blowing up
right now um and I've actually got a run
to the kids school Christmas parties
that's why I kind of was wearing a
little festive earrings and sweater to
go to that um but just thank you for
being here for my family and I truly
mean this from the bottom of my heart I
could not give my kids this Christmas if
it weren't for all of you supporting
this YouTube channel and my family over
over all of these years so just thank
you thank you thank you I'm wishing you
the merriest Christmas the happiest
holidays a wonderful New Year and I just
love you so much and I'll see you in the
next vlogmas video bye
love I want to hang out with my friends
and family making angels in the sand you
me does matter Christmas in my heart
trouble I didn't share what I got you
for
Christmas because you're on the naughty
list you're getting
coold you're on the grumpy list that's
for sure