[Music]
Mommy Mommy Mommy Mommy I can't sleep I
can't sleep it's a monster over there
it's a monster over there and I'm really
scared I'm very scared oh my baby oh my
baby come let's check it come let's
check it are ring oh mon are ring oh day
don't exist day don't exist there's
nothing over there there's nothing over
there must have been a B Dream must have
been a bad dream go back to sleep go
back to sleep
[Music]
Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy I can sleep I
can't sleep it's a ghost over there it's
a ghost over there and I'm really scared
I'm very scared oh my girl oh my girl
girl come let's check it come let's
check it ghosts are not real ghosts are
not real they don't exist they don't
exist there's nothing over there there's
nothing over there must been a bad dream
must been a bad dream go back to sleep
go back to sleep
[Music]
baby baby baby baby we can sleep we can
sleep it's a dino over there it's a dino
over there and we really scared we are
very scared oh mommy daddy oh Mommy
Daddy come let's check it come let's
check it dinos and real din know are not
real they don't exist they don't exist
there's nothing over there there's
nothing over there must have been a bad
dream must have been a bad dream go back
to sleep go back to sleep