this family is built different that
little girl is doing kits that guy's
doing the bomah hor these are like
Allstar kids and did we not mention the
baby climbing up the wall these kids are
incredible today we are reacting to the
most talented kids so make sure you are
subscribed if you're a talented kid and
subscribe if you're not like me and
smash a thumbs up what is this like a
talented school how are they all in sync
they must have like music going it's
like a drum beating I am an adult and I
don't think I could do that
she got it this is a human claw machine
man this girl wants her snacks I bet if
I put Z in something like that she would
get that many she might even get more 9
years old W that is a skateboarding
Prodigy what how do you get that good at
9 years old who teaches them that I will
never be able to do that that 9-year-old
is incredible wait for it just a kid on
a
scooter uh that kid totally has stream
cig look he just threw the scooter like
no big deal I just went on a ramp that
swirled and stuff how do these kids get
that good this kid's doing a pull-up all
righty two more than I can do oh my gosh
how many are they going to do this kid
is so strong this might be the world's
strongest kid it doesn't even look hard
for him ZF how many pull-ups can you do
if I work at it I can do one but when I
was little I used to do like a lot but I
don't think I did this many the font Mas
strikes again the kid knows all the
fonts and can actually do the font that
he's writing how old is that kid how do
they already know cursive if you know
cursive what year did you learn it I
feel like I was in second grade that kid
looks so much younger oh oh this kid is
going to be a pro soccer player I am
calling it now I don't know that kid's
name but we will be seeing him play in
the World Cup if you play soccer let me
know in the comment section
four-year-old has some serious bike
skills oh my gosh I am nervous right now
DT biking Matt wants Zade to dirt bike
and I am like no way and I see things
like this and that is why this kid is
fearless they're going so fast as their
mom I would be so
nervous they're so coordinated okay who
teaches these kids I need to get da with
these teachers because there's no way I
could teach my daughter that he's only
six he's lifting I wonder how much
weight that is zamfam how much do you
think that is is it even good to lift
weight at 6 years old all the adults in
the back are like he lifts more than me
this video is not making me feel good as
an adult right now the next generation's
so much cooler than us I covered my
parents house in aluminum foil and this
was the reaction wow a kid did this I'm
obsessed in a room like this you know
what I can put blackjack in this room
and not worry about the furniture the
parents' reaction how do you think
they're going to react they don't look
happy wow even the bananas in tin foil
let me know if you you think I should
prank Matt and do this to one of his
rooms I think he would be mad but it's
kind of cool oh she took him out she
almost took them
out yeah she's not happy at all comment
below how many rolls of aluminum foil
you think it took to cover that entire
room at least 100 right I found a
3-year-old easily rollerblading isn't a
3-year-old supposed to be getting like
potty trained this one's like full on
skating that is a 3-year-old trying to
skate and this is me trying to skate
amazing kids aerial acrobat Duo they're
already talented they're going up well I
guess they don't have a fear of heights
this is like a mini Sophie dossy right
now I asked Sophie dossy how she does it
and she was self-trained she taught
herself how do you do that you just like
hold on to something and then you're
like can someone lift me up high I
really want to go 25 ft up in the ground
these two are professionals like they're
definitely going to be in Surf day SL or
on America's Got Talent both these kids
yeah I never had that as as a kid I was
never that good they're like no big deal
oh he ran and did a back flip this is
like a ninja okay I can do that stuff
wow they're all learning it props to
this coach they're training future
ninjas to take out hackers that kind of
looks fun I'd want to do that I don't
think I'd be that good and I'd probably
get hurt but still looks fun outsmarting
a childproof door knob ooh I need one of
those for Zade honestly but we have the
like long handles the kit just broke it
I feel like if I did that with zie she
would figure out a way too I think all
kids figure out a way to get out with
those no I can't even stand on a
hoverboard this little girl is playing
basketball all right samam I hope you're
keeping track cuz you're going to
comment below who you think is the most
talented kid of all of these talented
kids this is getting crazier and crazier
okay these kids are supposed to be rock
climbing it looks like a competition no
way okay did they speed that up or
that's real that's real look at the
people below wait how so smart the kid's
doing subtraction how old is that kid
this kid looks the same age is z z just
Leed how to count to 10 and this guy's
doing subtraction this kid's going plac
say wow soccer player wow you know what
when it's raining outside this is a
great hack to like give them soccer
skills but like not be outside in the
rain I have a treadmill thinking of
trying this with Matt it might not end
well though he's a genius oh he has to
figure out how to take that off of the
string is he going to figure it out how
do you do it he's crisscrossing the Rope
wait zamp bam you have to subscribe
right now if this kid can get this off
those two strings it's like a m he got
it oh my gosh that means all of you guys
have to subscribe right now okay these
kids are getting more and more talented
and I'm feeling worse than worse about
myself he brought it to me solved I
couldn't believe it so I made him do it
three times how is it kid supposed to
figure out a Rubik's Cube I still
haven't figured out a Rubik's Cube
there's no way a kid can do that okay he
got one side oh he doesn't have all the
sides though maybe he's not as smart
okay okay maybe he is no way I want to
know how old he is and actually I want
to know if he can tutor me so I can look
smart like him little man is different
no this kid look at the dad that Dad is
like dang my 3-year-old can lift more
than me that's awkward well good by
privacy she figured how to break in
she's so smart she figured out how to
break into a locked door I wish I
figured that out at that young of an age
four-year-old breaks world record
playing pool how I don't believe that
this kid could just do all of those and
get it every time what record was this
is he the youngest that's done this
honestly he looks like a Baby Genius
Like a kid genius maybe it's the vest 46
seconds he got all of those red balls in
impressive
okay how old is this kid that was 10 or
is he doing 16 oh he he's doing
multiplication too who trains these kids
they know 9 * 9 okay Zam fam do you guys
even know all of these 12 * 12 144 let's
see if they get it oh no they're right I
was wrong 164 they're smarter than me
shocking he's
[Music]
him oh my gosh he did that move you
could tell that was the first time he
did it but that was incredible I'm glad
they got it for the Tik Tok and I really
hope it went viral wait for it bottle
flip oh this is okay this is Dude
Perfect in the making right there that's
how it starts Sam famam they just start
flipping bottles and shooting baskets
and before you know it they're dude
perfect and they have this huge
warehouse and they do all these crazy
trick shots with their friends told him
he could pick out a toy that fits in his
hand look oh he's carrying it with one
hand oh the kid just outsmart at the
parents I love when parents troll kids
but here the kid trolled the parent oh
he slid oh no he didn't he's a little
gymnast he has martial arts experience
he can do a back hand spring oh back
hand spring back handspring back four
five 6 7 seven in a row that kid does
not even look like he's 6 years old he's
three a three-year-old can do that many
back hands Springs
what okay this girl has to be going
going to the Olympics is this the whole
family how are they this good I am so
impressed right now I was a gymnast and
like they are doing it better than I
could my 2-year-old is a genius oh no
Z's 2 what's happening playing the drums
at 2 years old like no big deal that kid
is definitely going to be in a band
insane ball skills that's a tennis ball
I don't even think I can do that twice
on my foot man I bet she plays soccer
and I bet she's really good can you do
this it's like a Rubik's Cube for babies
that's pretty genius right normal kids
this age can't do that wow he did it
okay honestly I don't think I could do
that travel before the car she's
standing on a fish I didn't even think
that was real that's an actual fish he
caught a fish as big as him that kid
weighs like 50 lb I have never fished in
the snow wow oh my gosh that fish is
bigger than him if you fish what is the
biggest fish you've caught I've CAU one
like this big and then I threw it back
so technically he won not me oh figure
skater what how is he so talented he's
like so young okay if that kid does not
go to the Olympics then I don't know who
is going to the Olympics because he's
definitely a prodigy ooh a giant game of
jump rope oh there's four people five
six oh my gosh 7 15 19 they just got 20
people jump roping that's impressive why
is that one girl look at the girl in the
black she's like not even in it but
she's jumping with them she's like
keeping their Rhythm little guy is
shredding how how are these kids so
talented did they just like start out of
the womb just like training like how do
you train a baby to Surf you just put
them on a surfboard like in the bathtub
or something another talented kid all
these kids are more talented than me oh
she made it but like she crashed
hard okay that's Brave also how do you
even learn that like do you just jump
over wi things like what if you don't
make it like how do you build up to that
and for the record I do not want Z
skateboard in oh okay now here we have
an All-Star soccer
player he's pretty good this is a
depressing video if you're an adult cuz
these kids are so talented like look
that kid's way better dancer than me
already like how do you like move your
body that smoothly I can't do it these
are the world's most talented kids so I
expect nothing less they look like
professionals like they look like they
should be adults but they're just kids
and they're just as good as the
adults they must be training like every
single day all day oh they're on
America's Got Talent if you make it on
America's Got Talent and you are a kid
you definitely have the X Factor see
what I did there super strong kid oh
he's not that strong he's just doing oh
okay he'd be doing like the CrossFit
stuff I yeah he's strong oh what is she
doing she's grabbing someone okay I'm
I'm not that impressed okay maybe I am
what she going to
do okay honestly it's impressive but
like I thought she was going to do a
flip or something plus she has belts
she's not going to get hurt okay another
kid Surfer how is this a thing if he
does a backflip and lands back on the
surfboard oh no he's doing a double back
off a surfboard in the
ocean that's slow-mo though the kid in
me would have done that as a gymnast I
would have loved that I wish I had Tik
Tok when I was a kid I would have tried
to go viral or something she's in sixth
grade look at her she's like sixth
graders are so easy to beat I should be
in the NBA or the WNBA future female
Michael Jordan right there oh bowling I
went bowling today actually wait if he
gets a strike no
way how okay was that just luck or is he
actually good at what he does like that
ball probably weighs like a third of his
weight like he shouldn't even be able to
roll that down and he just got a strike
I need to take lessons from him oh this
is like Ninja Warrior oh how did how do
you go from lower to higher oh that's
scary that's scary I would be so nervous
to do that one and he's still making it
he's catching every type of item wow
they're different that looks like a dog
bone how do you balance on that and he's
still going and you know if you saw him
on the street you wouldn't even think
he's that strong but like look at this
this is a Ninja Warrior the youngest
Ninja Warrior right there I wonder if
he's training to be on Ninja Warrior
she's got skills oh my gosh this would
be my dream to have Zade skiing like
this oh she just went up to them why is
she so cool she's so much cooler than I
will ever be now we're doing tennis this
is how they warm up they're just like
let's just hit balls back and forth to
each other oh my gosh they make this
look so easy and you guys tennis is not
that easy they're pretty impressive you
guys which kids do you think are the
most talented so far he just did like a
back handspring he's like
three look even the mom is like oh my
gosh if Zade did that you guys you
better believe I'd be filming that on
Tik Tok like I would want proof he got
on ESPN like this kid is a prodigy he's
doing a kip that's a kip in gymnastics
and then wow okay that's on hly not that
hard but it just looks super cool oh
okay and then he did that and he did
another Ki he's a parkour like gymnast
impressive to watch okay we're going to
see a little Sophie dossy she can do a
press handstand this is crazy oh wow how
how do you learn this as a kid she did a
press handstand okay what's she doing
now how old do you guys think she is
like seven wow she's balancing that
takes so much strength what's this kid
doing basketball
oh that wasn't a world's most talented
kid that was like a world's most
talented fail sorry kid that had to hurt
but at least it was a plastic hoop
oh he got a goal wow wait he just hit
yeah he's like I'm number one but you're
on a team that was pretty good I wonder
if it was luck or if he scored all the
points that game little man went off oh
man we doing parkour here look how big
he
swings oh my gosh this is freaking me
out you guys oh those are mattes I
thought those were Rocks Under him but
those are soft mates not that it's any
better but I was like this just got
really extreme Zam don't go now you have
to watch parents trolling their kids
right here click it