good morning trench family today is a
good good day because we don't got to do
anything babe so you want to tell them
what we doing guys so today we are
letting the kids become adults for the
whole day y'all oh my God yes sir are
you ready for that yes now to make um no
breakfast everything oh so you going to
make our breakfast this morning yep oh
you too Z yeah oh you hungry oh I'm
hungry and I don't got to do nothing
nothing hey look I don't got to do
nothing either because the kids are
going to be adults for 24 hours so let's
go let's go let's go let's go guys what
you making for us today bro um
bread bread sandwiches yes sandwiches
okay does he even know how to do you
know how to make a sandwich yep what you
need um we need um a bun like to cover
um and need cheese and and I don't know
and what else umam ham ham there you go
come on Chop Chop man we hungry let's go
we got a lot of stuff to do today going
to be a dry sandwich no mayonnaise no
butter we're going to put everything
that we need okay okay what about you Z
you got to help him go help him go help
him
oh it's too early for her it's too early
zi come on hey that's the adult life
zeli it doesn't matter how early it is
you have to wake up what the bre oh
she's tired come on K you said what
where's the bread at the bread is right
here my boy look where it's right whoa
it looks like we don't got bread we got
bagel oh we do got some bread right here
okay there you go all right all right
let's go the where's the green answer
for hey stop asking questions man you
got to grab you got to find it here the
free there we go okay you need this
finish it's up to you if you want to put
it on the sandwich there you go yes sir
you got the ham got the ham what you
looking for you just had the cheese in
your hand no I don't want shredded
cheese what yeah this is cheese right
here gra that that's cheese there you go
okay yes sir all right here we go we got
zakas and zeli making breakfast zel
you're helping
him oh she's not a morning person huh
not at all y'all okay come on there we
go put some cheese on there yes sir put
some more oh all right that's enough
that's good that's good no what hey bro
bro I know he's playing hey bro you
better put some ham look there you go
zel's trying to help you let Z do it go
ahead let her do it go ahead there you
go there you good job Z good
job she's not a morning person okay okay
what happened oh my God it smell so bad
no it doesn't bro come on man can you
just make our
sandwich there you go all right okay now
like this yeah see see all right that's
enough that's enough here here spread it
out okay P this there you go all right
all right nice nice nice bro are you
serious y'all this is crazy but he's
trying there you go good job my boy good
job all right that's enough that's good
that's good there we go yes sir now what
goes next man um we have to put it on
top bro you missing the h i for I keep
forgetting hey this is going to be your
sandwich all right you got to taste this
for the camera all right I will trying
his best yeah he's trying okay he's
trying to kill us what
B all right there you go just put it put
it don't be scared hold thing yeah oh
wow nice nice all right go ahead close
it up this is a triple layer cheese and
triple
nice why am I doing this to you guys all
right so is that the sandwich yep go
ahead go ahead give it to Mommy all
right I'm not going to lie with some
Doritos in here after a pool or the
beach all right all right you know what
let me see let me see taste test taste
test breakfast from zakas and zeli 10
out of 10 Z out of 10 m
H oh wow hey good job zel what do you
where did what did she wait where did
she get that from Z are you serious did
you just sneak off a brownie for
breakfast I mean you're an adult you can
do whatever you want what you think if
she's an adult you want me to be honest
I mean you're an adult go ahead you want
to be honest or you want me to be nice
what happened M
7.2 K she said it was a 7.2 out of 10 I
toast sandwiches baby this is not
toasted this is cold
but it's good bro you get what you get
and you don't get upset yep exactly well
I'm going to eat it cuz my son all right
well look go ahead everybody go ahead
and finish their food because we got a
long day so look you're going to go with
zeli and Ka you're going to go with me
we got work to do yep are you ready oh
I'm ready zel's going to work all right
you guys so me and Z just got to
BJs Z is going to be walking around
putting groceries in the car and all
that good stuff you
ready girl we do not need the TV oh you
see Mario yeah oh wow okay come on we
need some food we need Waters we need
milk we need fruit go oh my goodness the
control yeah I got to stop talking to
zel like she's a baby because she's an
adult today I got to remember
that what are we getting first are we
getting waters yeah this adult here got
tired of walking what happened you can't
get tired of walking walk I don't get
tired of walking but y'all bad news
there's literally no water at all all
right you see something you like get it
wow you got it you got it wow put it
right
there
yay that's my girl oh two of them you
want two yeah zeli they come with 20
what do you mean you want two how about
you get one of these and one of the
chocolate
chips get this one no you want two of
those all right meanwhile all right
zakai so what are we doing right now man
I'm going to take you to the back to do
work okay okay so how you like being an
adult so far it's so good like I love it
you love it yes so you don't want to be
a kid no more um no what hey you're
crazy bro cuz guess what I want to be a
kid but look you guys so right now z k
we're going to go to the back in the
shed well we would usually take this but
as you guys know Ka can't drive you know
he's too small but he is going to be
taking his fourwheeler and he's going to
take me on the back of it make sure we
don't flip bro okay but he's going to
take me on the back of it and we're
going to go do some work cuz it's time
to work man adult life come on man let's
go let's go we got to go just put that
on we got to go man Safety First Safety
First yes sir always we go man make sure
you careful bro we only going to the
back of the house I know you good you
sure yeah all right here we go look at
that boy
Bear open it higher higher
like push it up push it up let it go
down and push
it there you go you
see all right I'm going to help you I'm
going to help you a little bit right
there all right so what we doing Ka
we're going to get the
food okay good good job yes sir yes sir
you got their plates right there no no
you're good just just get their plates
just spread them out
yep and then it's down there K the food
yes sir that
boy now pour one cup each what one cup
give him a cup each oh it's not in
there oh I think it's in here get get
the chair guys you got to do it all
yourself man grab one of the chairs and
and get up
there yes sir yes sir Kai so what are we
doing right now Kai feeding the dogs
okay what what you doing over there it
might be in there
check
yep hey why you eating look they're all
ready there it is one more
scoop yeah just two more uh yeah that's
good just one scoop each
okay yes sir
man all right you trying to get them
dogs fat okay
oh and that's it yep that's what I'm
talking about girl
yeah we shopping yeah yeah we're doing
groceries oh oh oh oh
oh come on Zell you got to watch where
you're going okay we need some bread
yeah let's get some bread come on put it
in the
cart there we go go put it I know
I yeah good job all right so zeli got
some grapes come on let's put the grapes
where they
go here these might be hard to put come
on you want me to get it you want me to
get
it good job yes sir oh jackets already
done with
uh yes sir good job good job be careful
down yeah remember you got to hold it
close or else it's
broken oh yep there you go good
job who do I get just put it down just
put it down
anywhere yes sir I'm giving this one to
Jimmy where
he it's okay it's okay they're eating
they're good they're good so you gave
them food and now look they're they're
they're they're almost running out of
food so what do we got to do now you
seen me do it before yeah we had to um
put some more food and jump it in there
okay okay so go ahead and do that let's
go you got it o that's a big
boy okay okay yes
sir I might have to I think I'm going
have to help you open that there you
go yes sir don't spill you spill it oh
man you spilling man I come on man we
need
that there you go is that enough
put it all in there put it all in there
yes
sir yeah got put the whole thing in
there make sure you get
everything that's
everything yeah the something Spilled
Out all right all right that's good here
man throw this out of the garbage you
know where the garbage is
at there's more I guess it's all right
that's just the end of it box needs to
get
out ow push the trash out P it
down push it down push it down push it
down there you go good job good
job oh yes sir good job
man push it back down
there so what we doing next zakas we
thought oh we have to grab this and okay
we're going to rake the leaves yep okay
we doing some adult stuff man what else
what you doing oh that boy got what you
doing I'm getting a hat oh oh okay I see
you you going to put on tavo's hat yeah
yes sir oh now you really ready now you
ready let's go that boy is ready
now yes sir you look
like all right let's go man that's what
I'm talking about these um no no no not
those man don't break those like all
over there we got to clean that up that
area has to be clean clean you see how
that's on the floor you got to pick that
up too all that stuff okay and look
these big branches you going to have to
toss them to the uh to that side toss
them all to the grass grab them you can
just grab those and toss those
yeah there you go all right if it's
easier just do it with your hands grab
the big branches and throw them over
throw them over right there yeah right
there just toss them yeah just throw
them there you go good job keep going
those two all that get get that out the
way yeah there you go like the bigger
ones okay Bet just like that now nice
this is the adult life yes sir you
working better get out you working my
boy I
know stop it B there you go and then
once you get all of them you got to grab
it with your hands and throw it out yeah
you can use two hands there you
go make sure you throw good job but make
sure you know where you're throwing them
I know good job there you go that boy
doing some yard work at the house yep
okay okay do I just grab this stuff too
yeah yeah you can grab those so it could
look a little cleaner that's what we
want we want it to look cleaner hey look
you guys if you guys need a gardener or
somebody to clean up your backyard zakas
is ready look at him he is ready I am a
few minutes later oo it looks brand new
man I don't see no leaves on the floor
all the banana trees are clean it's
looking very clean out here man looks
like you're doing good I am look oh wait
hold on somebody oh mommy's calling me
okay mommy's calling me let's see what
she got to say h hello hey where are hey
bear put that down grab that hat grab
that hat bear put that down man you
right now we're in the back we're doing
work what's going on we're working K is
working I see you guys what happened I
need you guys to come I'm here with the
groceries oh the groceries K we got
another job man okay you got to grab the
groceries all right we're going to put
the stuff away and we're coming up there
to the front now okay like K know
there's a lot all right guys you ready
for that
yeah all right guys so what do we got to
do now man we had to take out the
grocery okay and look how has Ellie been
doing how has that little adult been
doing I'm not going to lie she was doing
good like she went shopping all on her
own putting stuff in the cart she did
great how about him hey he's doing good
but right now we still got one more
thing to do we got to get the groceries
in let's go k let's go man put one on
top of the other so it can be easier for
you I am there you go should I get one
more thing on yeah here here I'll help
you put that right there there you go
big boy what do I put it just like on a
yeah K there you go I'm a gr up today my
fav it's
heavy yes
sir you got it I don't
yeah let me
just go ahead grab it yeah I don't no
more oh wow there you go go ahead big
boy hey he's doing good he said he was
having fun I love this right this is
great you don't have to do nothing I
don't have to do nothing exactly that's
what I was saying yes sir he made us
breakfast I know and that was good
sandwiches too baby you want to give me
oh wait you're not a baby Tay you're an
adult yeah she's an oh I'm not even
supposed to be carrying you adult yeah
what are you doing you a big girl hey
matter of fact oh oh wa she keeps
forgetting she's an adult today y'all
she's still a
baby all right zelana are you ready to
go to the laundry and wash clothes yeah
come on bring
it there we go come on
Deli we need to bring it to the
laundry wow look at my strong girl in
here we just finished washing some
clothes I need you to grab this clothes
and put it in the dryer come on let's go
zeli here we go zelana is putting
everything in the
dryer yeah keep going
zelli that's what I'm talking
about
wow look at her doing adult
duties there we go Zell good job Mommy
does this every single day yeah yeah
you're helping mommy yeah hey we're not
done we have more all right put it in
there you're going to get it dirty again
and then I'm going to have to wash it
again or actually you're going to have
to wash it
again no we're not done here okay good
job here you
go almost done here you go Ellie no not
done she's like no way this is too much
work you go here you go excuse me you
are not done yet yeah all done yeah good
job high five wow you're not going to
give Mommy high five yeah let's close
that one good job and now we have to
look at y'all it's like she really knows
okay you're going to need some help all
right there we go take your
time okay right
here yeah right here yep
good job and now click right here right
here wow good job Z you did it go Z go
GOI you guys so zana's next task as an
adult is to clean up the floor so are
you going to mop yeah you're going to
mop okay let's see go clean up come on
you need two hands clean up come on
let's clean up you're just like what you
doing y'all zeli is playing with me
right now she's like I'm tired of these
adult things I'm a baby not today zel
you're an adult come on girl we don't
play with the mop let's go let's go one
two two three three yep just like that
go y'all this girl is trying to play
with the mop okay you know what let's
use the vacuum you want a vacuum instead
yeah click this button to turn turn it
on good job here you go two
hands good job come
on good there we
go there we
go good job clean over
here oh wow
Zell look at you you're cleaning yeah
thank
you look at her y'all she's a pro
she is a
pro there we
go okay we got to clean up oh all done
you're
done no you're not
done
y'all Z's doing a great job she
vacuuming like she know what she's doing
oh so you done no I'm just relaxing you
relaxing you had a long day yep and what
about her look oh they're she's tired oh
she's tired she said adult life was too
much for her a baby it was too much for
you you did a
lot what oh now she's ready for the pool
she said I'm ready for the pool now I'm
not going to lie you guys this video was
really fun to do because we actually got
a break from our everyday life and it
was fun teaching the kids you know how
to do how how it feels to be in our
shoes exactly K did you have fun doing
it yeah I want to do more you want to do
more hey that's fine with me you can do
everything yeah zel you had fun oh she
said no I'm not ready for that yet but
anyways you guys we hope you guys
enjoyed that video man we had fun but
make sure you guys like comment share
and subscribe and we'll see yall in the
next video peace
[Music]